Good morning. I am Doug MacMillan, Cambrex Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I just want to remind everyone that the meeting is held today under the terms of the Safe Harbor disclaimer. That disclaimer reads as follows: The following discussion may contain certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the Securities and Exchange Commission's Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and Rule 3B-6 under the Exchange Act. Although such statements represent management's best judgment as of today and that information currently available, such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from the Company's expectations. I would also like to ask everyone to follow a few guidelines. The conference call will be a maximum of one hour and we will begin with business highlights from Jim Mack, Cambrex Chairman and Chief Executive followed by a question-and-answer session. We request that you ask one question at a time, but we will honor a request for one clarification if required. This will allow everyone to ask at least one question. Let me now turn the meeting over to Jim Mack, Cambrex Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Okay. Thank you, Doug. Welcome everyone. Just for those who may not have seen the press release, I wanted to cover a few highlights from the first quarter before we open it up to Q&A. We had record earnings, up 20% over the first quarter last year and revenue across the entire business was up 9.8%. The Human Health category was up 10% in revenue and would have been 16% increase except for foreign exchange. The Bioscience business was up 43% in revenue. We were also able to increase our gross profit in the Life Science sector, mainly by eliminating low margin products and replacing them with higher margin new products, improved productivity, and new product growth. We have over $25 million of revenue in the budget for new products that are new in the year 2000. And the focus is primarily on proprietary products and services and to a lesser extent some of these do involve service to large pharma. Our repositioning of the Company into life science is proceeding very well. In the quarter, over 83% of the gross profit came from Human Health and Bioscience, up from about 73% last year. In the past year, we completed four acquisitions, all in the life science sector, and all accretive to earnings. Each one of these gives us a new technology platform to build on for the future. We expect there will be a major change in the business model for the way new drug discovery takes place, the way lead compounds are selected and optimized, clinical trials are performed, and resulting in new and different product approvals. This is really going to be driven by the fact that costs for new drug delivery must be reduced by millions – hundreds of millions of dollars and time must be reduced, not by a few months, but by a matter of years. We are involved in this now in a small way and we'll be adding more products and more services in the future to take advantage of this major shift. One example of building for the future that I would like to mention was our acquisition of Chiragene from Celgene two years ago. This is really a new technology platform based on enzyme chemistry. It's an R&D program, but it is being run as a business and in the first two years it costs us a couple of million dollars a year. Now it's beginning to pay off. We developed a new patented route to Taxol Side Chain and have manufactured and shipped several thousand dollars worth of the new compounds. Chiragene has developed a new route for controlled substances used for ADD or attention deficit disorder. We've produced 100 kilogram quantities in the Chiragene cGMP pilot plant and the larger scale production will be at our Charles City, Iowa facility where this business will grow to at least $10 million over the next couple of years. They are also working on chiral compounds at Chiragene, using enzymes to produce a new class of materials called epoxide hydrolase. These will be used to make new chiral building blocks for new drugs. Lastly, I would just like to mention that the demand for active pharmaceutical ingredients for the generic pharmaceutical companies continues to grow and our order backlog is at an all time high. As many of you know, we have the number one position in this field in terms of the number of compounds or active ingredients that are offered, and we expect to add 6-8 new compounds a year going forward. Tracy, we can now open it up for questions.
This is Doug MacMillan, Cambrex Chief Financial Officer. Jim will be on in just a minute. Before we begin, I just want to remind everyone that the meeting is held today under the terms of the Safe Harbor disclaimer. The following discussion may contain certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission's Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and Rule 3B-6 under the Exchange Act. Although such statements represent management's best judgment as of today and on information currently available, such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from the Company's expectations. I would also like everyone to follow a few guidelines during the conference call. It will be a maximum of one hour. We will begin with business highlights from Jim Mack, Cambrex Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. We request that you ask one question at a time, but we will honor the request for one clarification if required. This will provide access to everyone's questions. Now, let me turn the meeting over to Jim Mack. Okay. Thank you, Doug. Good morning everyone. I'll take a few minutes to discuss some of the highlights from the second quarter of 2000. As you saw from our press release, we did have record earnings for the second quarter, 14.2 million, up 19% from the prior year. Although the strong dollar did negatively impact the Human Health sales growth, in addition, as we mentioned, we experienced several customer overstock situations and in addition to that, we've dropped a number of products that had deteriorating margins ass part of our continuous product rationalization activity. That, combined with the product mix for the quarter, increased our margins – our gross margins from 34.7% to 38.2%. Lastly in that category, as you've seen from other press releases, the Mylan situation is now behind us. Next I want to comment on some small, but very important transactions that we made recently. First we acquired a line of zinc and chromium picolinates that are used in human and animal nutrition. This chemistry is a very nice fit with our existing pyridine technologies. And in time, these will add several million dollars of very highly profitable business. We are going to move the manufacturing of those products into our facility at Zeeland, Michigan. Second, we just announced the acquisition of LumiTech, a technology-based company in the U.K. This purchase further supports our entry into the high throughput screening market with very novel and patented luminescent technology. For those of you who were with us at Investor Day, May 16th at BioWhittaker, we talked fairly extensively about the changes taking place in drug discovery and drug development, opening the way for new cell-based high throughput screening assays to test the toxicity of drug candidates to better select the leads that will then be processed through animal testing and clinical trials. This technology provides a definitive advantage to us in terms of sensitivity, speed, and having a wide dynamic assay range. LumiTech already has two products that are being introduced into the market and they have several others in the pipeline. We plan to integrate these products and services into our existing bioscience infrastructure. In addition to the product sales alone, which we expect to grow to over $20 million, we plan to use this acquisition as a further foundation for our bioassay service business that we will be building on. In addition to these two acquisitions, we announced a supply agreement for Cecure, a proprietary antibacterial formulation for food and food processing equipment. This material has shown a dramatic ability to eliminate bacteria, such as Salmonella, E. coli, and Listeria. We have been waiting all year for the FDA to approve this application, and we now expect this to be completed by October and if that's the case with this will add, we expect, several million dollars worth of top line sales in the year 2001. Moving to a different topic. As a consequence of our strengthening our sales force beginning last year, we are now seeing a record number of project opportunities. For new products introduced this year alone, we expect over $15 million in revenue, and we are on track to achieve that. Also as a result of this, several of our labs are running at capacity working on these new projects. So as a result of that, we are expanding facilities and hiring more chemists. We are also further expanding our pilot facilities in Charles City, Iowa, and we are on schedule to occupy the Center for Technical Excellence in the fourth quarter, probably October rather than November. And on Thursday this week we will review with our Board of Directors, the scope for Phase II and Phase III for the technical center. We expect phase II to be approved in October, which will provide cGMP kilo lab facilities. Following that Phase III, we'll add a cGMP pilot plant into the Center for Technical Excellence. Lastly I just want to mention, as we have been recruiting scientists, chemists, we've recently hired another top-notch molecular scientist, Dr. Daniel Marshak, who will become Vice President of R&D at BioWhittaker. Dr. Marshak is an expert in biochemistry and cell biology. He has experience at the National Institute of Health. He was head of the research lab at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories and was most recently Chief Scientific Officer at Osiris Therapeutics and he has a very strong reputation for converting technology into marketable products. Secondly, we have just hired Dr. Jeffrey Kelly who joins BioWhittaker as Technical Director for Molecular Biology Products. Dr. Kelly was most recently R&D Group Manager for Protein Expression for Promega Corporation. As we are building our business based on technology platforms, we are adding the best people we can find to support our growth in these areas. I would now open it up to the Q&A session. Operator.
Hello and welcome. Before we begin, I just want to remind everyone that the meeting is held today under the terms of the Safe Harbor disclaimer. Safe Harbor disclaimer: the following discussion may contain certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission's Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and Rule 3B-6 under the Exchange Act. Although such statements represent management's best judgment as of today and on information currently available, such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from the Company's expectations. Conference call guidelines: I would also like to ask everyone to follow a few guidelines. The conference call will be a maximum of 45 minutes. We will begin with business highlights from Mr. James Mack and then a question-and-answer session. We request that you ask one question at a time, but we will honor the request for one clarification if required. This will provide access to everyone's question. An instant replay of the conference call will be available at approximately 12 noon today, Wednesday, October 25, through the end of business, Friday, October 27 by calling 1-800-570-8791 for domestic calls and 1-402-344-6824 for international. The webcast is also accessible from our website www.cambrex.com. Please click on the Investor Relations button. Now, let me turn the meeting over to Jim Mack, Cambrex's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. I'm also joined today by Claes Glassell, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I'll spend a few minutes to discuss some highlights from the quarter and then we'll open it up to Q&A. As you saw from the press release, we had record earnings in the third quarter, up over 16% from the prior year and we are very pleased with this performance. This is an impressive accomplishment since as most of you know this is typically a soft quarter for us, and in addition, this year we had several external factors negatively impacting top-line growth and profitability. The weak euro had two effects; first, a negative impact on European sales when converted back to a US-dollar basis; and secondly, it allowed European competitors a significant advantage on price. We faced an aggressive pricing situation from competition on several active pharmaceutical ingredients in the area of ulcerative colitis, in animal health products and an x-ray contrast media product. In addition, the currency translation in the human health sector impacted the growth about 6%. In animal health/ag and specialty segments, we experienced significant increases in raw material and energy costs as we had discussed a few weeks ago. The changes in raw material prices in the third quarter alone cost us about $2 million, pre-tax. While we continue to pass these cost increases through, there have been some lags due to price protection and terms and we expect to recover most of these early in 2001. While the human health segment sales are typically lumpy quarter-to-quarter, the combined effect of the euro, some postponed orders and the continued shift to higher-margin products continued to lower the sales number; in particular, we had two customers delay their NDA submissions into next year, we had one customer with process validation changes to complete, and a couple had inventory overstocks. Finally in the bioscience segment, we had supply problems as we had mentioned before on two cell types resulting in a million dollar shortfall in the third quarter. These sourcing problems should be resolved by year-end. On the up side, if we exclude these two products with supply problems from the base business, the balance of the normal human cell lines achieved a 17% increase in sales. So, that good performance was masked by a couple of problems there. We will now open it up for questions. Maureen, if we could proceed with that?
Good morning everyone. As the operator noted, I am Doug MacMillan, Cambrex's Chief Financial Officer. I am with Jim Mack, Chief Executive Officer; and Claes Glassell, Chief Operating Officer at Cambrex. Before we begin, I just want to remind everyone that the conference call is held today under the terms of the Safe Harbor disclaimer. The following discussion may contain certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission's Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and rule 3B-6 under The Exchange Act. Although such statements represent management's best judgment as of today and on information currently available, such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from the Company's expectations. I would also like to ask everyone to follow a few guidelines. The conference call will be a maximum of 45 minutes. We will begin with business highlight from Jim Mack and then a question-and-answer session. We request you ask one question at a time, but will honor the request for one clarification if required. This will provide access to everyone's questions. I also note that the – there will be an instant replay of the conference call available at approximately 12 noon today and will be available through the end of business as of Friday, January 26, by calling 1-800-704-0508 for domestic calls, and 1-402-220-0326 for international. The webcast is also accessible on our website www.cambrex.com. Now, let me turn the meeting over to Jim Mack, Cambrex's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. I want to spend a few minutes to discuss a few highlights from the fourth quarter, the full year, and few comments on the 2001 outlook. First of all, we are pleased with the fourth quarter profitability as we were able achieve a bottom line above expectations in a difficult environment. This is particularly impressive in light of an exceptionally strong fourth quarter last year in 1999, which did include some Y2K pre-buying even though some of our customers deny that was happening. As we anticipated, in September, we also incurred rising feedstock prices, energy prices, and some currency effects that all negatively impacted both top line sales and profitability. Also, the Y2K buy-in had the additional effect as this stock piling pulled down some of the demand in the year – throughout year 2000. We shipped over 25 new products for the first time in the fourth quarter and continued to make strong progress in the problem areas we discussed last quarter. We set the stage for growth in 2001 with new product sales of products introduced last year of nearly $20 million. And we expect to build on this foundation throughout 2001. In human health, reported gross sales increased 2.4% versus 1999. However, adding back the currency translations effect of about 6.3% puts us at an increase of 8.7, which is at the low end of our target growth range. However, if we normalize for the Y2K impact of almost $2.5 million, this would place us at the upper end of the growth range of close to or over 12%. While we continue to walk away from low-margin business, this should have a considerable less impact in 2001. At the same time, however, as the euro continues to strengthen, we are recovering previously lost business. We are building our innovative pharmaceutical business with a strong pipeline of new products, our development facilities are full through the first quarter and well in to the second quarter. To provide us with additional capabilities as we had previously announced, we have completed and occupied our Cambrex Technical Center of Excellence, and the new facility will be a hub for all of our life science product process development. We have completed an expansion of a new product facility in Charles City, Iowa, and we have built a new larger laboratory in Italy. In our generic business, we introduced 11 new products in 2000 including a wide range covering antivirals, tranquilizers, beta-blockers, colitis treatments, antihistamines, antibacterials and ADHD therapeutics. We have a significant backlog for production well in to the second quarter. We have expanded our geographic marketing territories as a demand for generic pharmaceuticals continues to spread to countries including Brazil, Poland, Turkey, Russia, as well as other countries in Asia. Also in the fourth quarter, we announced an equity investment and technical collaboration with Synthon Chiragenics. This collaboration includes a manufacturing agreement under which we have already shipped product and technical collaboration to leverage Synthon's and Cambrex's chiral technologies. We have been working with Synthon for over 2 years. In the fourth quarter, we scaled up one new pharma product to metric ton quantities. and I expect to see multimillion-dollar revenues from this relationship. In the bioscience area, we have grown 14.7 year-over-year and continue to push margins up. They are now 52.8% up from 50.2% in 1999. While sales are down for the quarter, low-margin serum and diagnostic products are entirely responsible. Our higher growth and higher margin product lines remain very healthy. We have reorganized the bioscience business into two global business units, the bio-research and bio-therapeutic business units. This organization, based on managing from end markets and customers back into the company, will enhance our entire supply chain performance. We will be able to focus on new technologies to speed new products to the marketplace. Coincident with the new structure, we have put several new seasoned bioscience executives in place. We are solving our sourcing problems and at the same time we are implementing our new information system and business processes. We see a multitude of opportunities on the horizon to leverage and integrate our technologies across multiple platforms. Already we have seen the benefits from this global business alignment in our LAL tox testing product line that finished the year on a very strong note and has a lot of new product momentum going into 2001. Cell therapy continues to be a strategic long-term growth area for the bioscience unit. We have an agreement with a company and are making a product for late clinical Phase II trials for a cell-based therapeutic. Cell-based assays are also a high priority. Market segment growths are expected to exceed 50% per year and we have continued to put more resources in place such as the acquisition of LumiTech, to build a multimillion dollar business within the next 3 years. Finally, for the year 2001, Cambrex continues to target sales revenue growth at the 12-15% for bioscience segment and 10% to12% in human health. New technology and product such as cells and media for cell-therapy bioassays, new cell systems will all but fuel and build our growth. The generic pharma demand will continue to expand geographically, and the increasing number of drugs coming off patent will increase further, yielding generic API growth. We also expect to enter the manufacturing of generic biopharmaceuticals. To use a sailing term, I feel the wind is now at our back. Raw materials costs are declining, energy costs are trending down, the euro is strengthening and the resolution of some of our raw material supply problems are being taken care of. I think we really are at the low point in the specialty chemical cycle and we look for an excellent and exciting 2001 in sales, net income and further repositioning the Company into the life science arena. Operator, we could now open it up for Q&A.
Welcome. I'm Doug MacMillan, Cambrex's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I just want to remind everyone that the conference call is held today under the terms of the Safe Harbor disclaimer. That disclaimer says, "The following discussion may contain certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with the Securities & Exchange Commission's Safe Harbor provision, under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, and Rule 3B-6 under the Exchange Act. Although such statements represent management's best judgment as of today and on information currently available, such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from the company's expectations. I would also like to ask everyone to follow a few guidelines. The conference call will be a maximum of 45 minutes. We will begin with business highlights from Jim Mack, Cambrex's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and then a question and answer session. We request that you ask one question at a time but will honor a request for one clarification, if required. This will provide access to everyone's questions. An instant replay of the conference call will be available from approximately 12 Noon, today, Wednesday, April 25th, through the end of business Friday, April 27th, by calling 1-800-294-4345 or 1-402-220-9775 for international. The webcast is also accessible from our website, "www.cambrex.com." Now, let me turn the meeting over to Jim Mack. Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. I want to spend a few minutes to discuss some highlights from the first quarter and the 2001 outlook. I know many of you have other calls; so we will get to the Q&A in just a few minutes. We're very pleased with our first quarter profitability. Net income increased almost 17%, and EPS increased 14.5% compared to first quarter last year. This came from the combined effect of top line growth in our life science segments, continuing margin improvement, and reduced interest and tax rates. Compared to fourth quarter 2000, the improvement is even more dramatic. The bioscience segment started the year strong with sales growth of 8.4%; and when we account for currency impact, the sales growth was about 10%. The increase came, predominantly, from the sales of cell systems, media, and LAL endotoxin products to markets where we already have a very strong position. Last year, we organized our bioscience segments into two global business groups, biotherapeutic and bioresearch. The combination of talented new management and an organization structured to enhance our customer focus is the catalyst for that double-digit growth. We've also put behind us, the LAL stopper problem that caused shortages of supply last year, and one of the two cell source problems – both of which we discussed in the fourth quarter. Backlogs were resolved in mid-quarter this year. In the Human Health segment, we also started the year well with top line sales of 5.8 over last year first quarter. When we account for currency, sales growth is closer to 8.5%. Growth in this sector continues to come from new products and markets, including for instance, the intermediate for Genzyme, GelTex's Renagel, a new contact lens polymer, and several central nervous system cardiovascular therapeutics, plus geographic expansion of many of our generic APIs or active pharmaceutical ingredients. A continued weakness in the euro has permitted some European competitors to snipe at a couple of our older products. Sales of animal health and ag products are up, due to order timing and weak sales in the first quarter of last year, caused by the plant outage we had. We continue to see energy in feedstock cost pressure profitability in this segment; although, we expect to see these moderate later in the year. Natural gas energy costs in the animal health, ag and specialty operations cost us about $1 million more this year first quarter compared to last year first quarter. As you can see, specialty chemicals, fine chemicals are experiencing slowness in products sold into those segments of coatings, photographic, plastics, telecommunication markets, as a result of a general slowdown in those industrial markets. This segment also includes products that we have dropped. Offsetting that, we shipped over 11 new products in the first quarter; and all of our development facilities are booked well into the third quarter. On Thursday of this week, we have our board of directors' meetings; and one of the topics are expansion of our labs, a Phase-II expansion in our tech center as well as expansions in our pilot plant facilities. As we look out for full 2001, as most of you know, overall, our internal growth rates and targets are 10 to 12% top line for Human Health, 12 to 15% for bioscience, and earnings growth of 15% or greater. We continue to make progress on repositioning the company to the life science markets. Top line growth will be driven by new products and services to accelerate the drug discovery, development and manufacturing processes, including biomanufacturing – anything we can do to help our customers to get therapeutics to patients faster. Targeted growth areas include our cells and media for research in biotherapeutics, human cell based bioassays for lead optimization, ADME, COX studies, LAL endotoxin products, global expansion of both the generic market and our niche generic product portfolio, combined with broader partnerships with innovative pharmaceutical customers. Investments in R&D will continue to be a priority and fuel organic growth. Everything we do is connected to a unique technology platform and to technical capabilities. Lastly, I just want to mention, we announced in March, that Doug, our CFO, will retire at the end of May. Sal Guccione, currently Senior Vice President of Corporate Development, will be replacing Doug; and Sal is here today to join us for the Q&A, as is Claes Glassell, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Operator, we will now open the call for Q&A.
Okay, good morning. This is Sal Guccione. Before we get started, you know, before I turn over to Jim, I would just like to say a couple of words. I'd like to welcome you all to Cambrex's second quarter 2001 earnings conference call. I am Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And before we begin I would like to remind every everyone that the conference call today is held today is held under terms of the Safe Harbor Disclaimer. That disclaimer covers the fact that the discussion might contain content that constitutes forward-looking statements within the Securities and Exchange Commission's Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and Rule 3B-6 under The Exchange Act. Although such statements represent management's best judgment as of today, such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from the Company's expectations. The conference call will last about 45 minutes. We will begin with business highlights from Jim Mack, followed by a question-and-answer session. We request that you ask one question at a time, but we will honor the request for one clarification if required. A replay of the conference call will be available beginning at noon today through the end of the business day Friday, July 27, by calling 1-800-566-0682 for domestic and 1-402-998-0817 for international. A webcast is also available on our website www.cambrex.com. Please click on the Investor Relations button for that. With that, I'd like to turn the meeting over to Jim Mack, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Okay, thank you Sal. I think we are both recovering from 2- or 3-week head colds, so I apologize for how irritable that can be. Well, it was not an easy quarter for those of you that have seen our press release and it's mostly driven by dramatic slowdown in sales in our Animal Health/Ag,. Specialty, Fine Chemical sectors, in addition to lower demand and some of our customers I think were working off excess inventory. Also, we continue to have a reactor problem at one of our facilities which results in higher costs from lower throughput and poor yield. In addition, it causes shortage of product that we could sell if we had it. And like everyone else, we were impacted by foreign exchange, although that will become less and less of a factor going forward. The areas where we have been investing held up quite well, specifically Human Health and Bioscience. In the Human Health area, we continue to see a robust pipeline of new projects with big pharma and emerging innovators; actually, our second quarter revenue from these projects more than doubled compared to Q2 of last year. Sales continue to increase from products like Genzyme's Renagel, therapeutics for coronary disease, high blood pressure, cancer products, and diabetes. We have also seen, like others, some delays caused by the FDA postponing approvals. There are actually two of them mentioned in the Wall Street Journal today and it seems to becoming a more common occurrence, and as we've reported before, the weak euro does put price pressure on some of our older products, pulling down our sales growth. Now, in the Bioscience area, sales were up 12.8% or close to 14% when adjusted for foreign exchange and we'll get into the details on that. The acquisition of Bio Science accounted for about half of the improvement and we'll talk about some of the things going on in the base business. We did have very strong performance in our cells, in media and our endotoxin detection products. Also new products helped out quite a bit with several new cell systems, for instance Caco-2 cells that are used in new drug screening, Chondrocytes, which are cartilage, adipocyte or fat cells, and adult stem cells continue to do well. In addition, we introduced 3 new cell-based bioassays; ReportaLight, which is a reporter gene assay; ViaLight MDA, which is a chemiluminescence test for microbial detection; and a new ELISA or enzyme-linked assay for adipocytes or fat cells. Cell therapy is a new emerging technology as many of you know, and is a very strategic area for Cambrex's future growth, and we've started supply services for two new cell therapy applications. While we do keep a tight control on costs and spending, we have had some lay offs. It has also been a good environment to add key R&D and sales people, mainly to fill open positions. In the last 12 months, we've added 20 people to R&D and 10 people to sales and marketing, and these are cost increases we have to take on in advance of increased sales. The openings are largely filled although we will add people from time to time to support many of these new growth programs as needed. As we look ahead, we actually have to look back a little bit. Internally, we said to ourselves last September, we are entering in an industrial and manufacturing recession and demand in these traditional specialty fine chemical areas will continue to be weak, we think probably well into next year and some of this is caused by – pardon me – over-correction in our customers' inventory. We think we have seen really the worst of the contraction. Having said that, we are very excited about our prospects in the API or Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients manufacturing arena both for small molecules and for bio-therapeutics. We see very strong demand for these APIs from generic pharmaceutical companies, from big pharma, for products for clinical trials, and emerging pharma for both small molecules and the bio-therapeutics. Also contract R&D for supply of small quantities and for process development remains quite strong. To support this growth we have been investing in high return on investment projects and we are presenting to the Board of Directors this Thursday two main projects. The first is to add cGMP capacity at Charles City, Iowa for the manufacturing of controlled substances. As we reported earlier, we have put in place all the DEA security requirements and procedures and these have been installed and approved. The active ingredients have been made in our general purpose cGMP pilot plant. This new investment will give us dedicated facilities for making the controlled substances and this will be in place by third quarter next year. Secondly, we are expanding a key process bottleneck in our LAL endotoxin detection manufacturing. This will be expanded by a factor of two and will be on stream by third quarter of next year. Beyond that we are doing other upgrades in our R&D labs. For instance in Sweden, we have a 3-phase upgrade process going on. We are already well into phase I and we are adding capabilities at our new tech center here in New Jersey. Lastly as most of you know, we are adding capacity at our new Bio Science contract manufacturing facility in Baltimore. Suite five will be on stream in September this year and suite six by perhaps October, November of 2002. Lastly, I would just like to say as we look ahead here I believe given the continued drag on earnings from our older businesses, we'll probably end up the year with an earnings improvement in the range of 8-10% compared to last year and versus our 5-year performance of 16.7%. However, with the new product growth, we've already seen for next year, we expect the earnings to return to above 15% growth in 2002. Okay. Jeffrey, I think we can open it up for Q&A.
Okay, actually this is Sal Guccione, Chief Financial Officer of Cambrex, I am joined here by Jim Mack, our Chairman and CEO as well as Claes Glassell our Chief Operating Officer and President. Before we begin, I just want to remind us some rules of the conference call. The call is being held under Safe Harbor disclaimer which states that some discussion might contain context that constitutes forward-looking statements within the SEC Safe Harbor Provision under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and rule 3B-6 under The Exchange Act. Although such statements represent managements' best judgment as of today and on information currently available, such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from the Company's expectations. The conference call will last about 45 minutes. It will begin with an introductory statement from Mr. Jim Mack followed by a question and answer session. We request that you ask 1 question at a time though we will honor the request for one clarification. A replay of the conference call will be available at approximately 4:30 pm, today, Wednesday, September 26, through the end of the business day Friday, September 28 by calling 800-947-6755 for domestic, and 1-402-220-4617 for international. The webcast is also accessible from our website www.cambrex.com. Please click on the investor relations button. Now, let me turn the meeting over to Jim Mack, Cambrex Chairman and CEO. Okay, Sal, thanks. Good afternoon. Well, as you know, we issued a press release this morning warning of an earnings shortfall versus analysts' consensus numbers. Analysts that have followed us for a while know that our Q3 is our lowest quarter usually during the year, given our Q3 vacation shutdowns. In order to make our Q3 results, we depend on having a very strong performance during September. And, although at this point we have preliminary data only, we did not see September materializing as previously expected. The economy really continued to deteriorate over the quarter and was further compounded with the attacks on New York City and the Pentagon on September 11th. Some of you have been here, you know that we look over the New York skyline and many of our headquarters employees watched this horror on September 11th. So, we understand the impact on everyone and on every business in this country and we realize that business has changed quite dramatically. Forecasts that we had been using no longer apply, we've been rechecking, re-forecasting, and we've been working very hard to get under the numbers and to get a foundation, the result of which caused us to issue this release this morning. And, I have been around for a number of economic cycles and I have not seen conditions this severe since 1974, except, I think, this time it happened a lot more suddenly. Following September 11th, the order flow really slowed at several locations and, in fact, stopped for a few days at others. And where we had orders and products ready for air shipments, these were delayed specifically in overseas generic active pharmaceutical ingredient shipments and others in biotechnology such as live cells. In other cases, some customers' routine tests were halted affecting our reagent sales. Some of this business will be picked up in Q4, but some of it is lost entirely. Beyond this, we have been building some inventory as a strike contingency at 2 locations. These contracts have been settled and we will correct these levels of inventory over the next quarter or two, but this will affect operating rates and some fixed cost absorption. Regarding Q4, we are taking a cautious approach. Information and forecasts are unreliable at this point, and customers themselves are being very conservative. And, as you know, there is a general uncertainty of what the economic climate will be over the next several months. Having said this, we expect revenue to improve in Q4, especially in our Bioscience and Human Health segments. At this point, we are somewhat uncertain about the exact mix in Human Health, so that's part of the reason we are being a little bit cautious, because we are not sure exactly today what the impact will be on margins. We continue to push very aggressively on cost containment with target savings of $10 million pre-tax for 2002, part of which will come from SG&A, some from discretionary spending, part from rationalization of poorly performing product lines and underutilized facilities. Based on what we can see, however, and from the specific actions we are taking, from new products that we know are growing, other products that have good growth prospects, we are expecting a good year in 2002. We expect our Life Science business to continue to strengthen and that together with the cost reductions I mentioned and with only minimum improvement in our Specialty and Fine Chemicals, for instance energy and raw materials which are already coming down, we should reach double-digit growth in earnings for 2002, even excluding the effects of FAS 142 on goodwill amortization accounting. Lastly, I would just like to say, at a Board meeting last week the Board formally approved proceeding with a new line of credit for at least $400 million and, at the same time, reaffirmed management's authority to repurchase up to 1 million shares of Cambrex stock. Having said that, I think we can now, operator, open the floor for questions.
Thank you, Jason. We're presenting at 3:00, again for the Skeregy side, basically our two businesses, and we wanted to be there twice. Standard Safe Harbor. I'm going to give you a very quick overview, talk about the other divisions and then jump straight into the healthcare. Our market capital about 275 million. We are a diversified global developer and manufacturer and reseller of security and inspection systems, medical monitoring, anaesthesia systems, Oximetry and health services and Optoelectronics. Four research analysts, Roth, Stephens, Morgan Keegan and Blair. We are book valued at approximately $14 a share, strait organic growth and successful integration of 22 acquisitions. Primarily we're a semi-conductor company. We make Optoelectronics devices but we distinguish ourselves that we move very fast into the value-added strain where we go play into a very broad industrial segment and we are not afraid to jump in and the end product, like we've demonstrated both in the healthcare and the security area. This chart gives you an idea of our CAGRs is 30.5%, our guidance 386 to 388 million for the year. We have not broken 2005 into the segmentation though for the last four quarters, we have started segmenting the business into three segments, Healthcare, Security and Optoelectronics. Our earnings call is on the 12th and we should be announcing and at that time we can give you the segmentation. Experienced management team. We've pretty much decentralized the Medical Group that are run separately. They have their own P&L and they're consolidated at the corporate level. Same thing with Security and with the Opto. The group is organized into three divisions, Rapiscan systems, which is for security, OSI Systems Healthcare Group and the Optoelectronics. Quickly, the Optoelectronics Group has 35 years of optoelectric manufacturing experience. Primarily, this is where we start off with. The group is comprised of seven operating companies with their own trade names. Manufacturing capabilities are USA, UK, Finland, Singapore, Malaysia and China. Strong on getting design and it captures, in addition to the outside revenue, about 40 million is what we have told The Street by the year end. Right now it's about 15 million for 2004 from both the Healthcare Group and the Security Group. Quickly, the Security Group is a leader in multi-billion dollar worldwide security market. We are the only vertically integrated security provider. Our key products are in baggage and parcel inspection, all baggage, cargo, vehicle inspection, people screening. Healthcare, we are a diversified global developer, manufacturer and seller of medical devices including patient monitoring, anaesthesia equipment, Pulse Oximetry and medical services. Approximately 110,000 patient monitoring machines have been sold in the last 10 years and 10,000 anesthetic machines since inception sold globally. Approximately 1,000 employees globally, offices in 14 countries, and we have established global brand names, Spacelabs for monitoring, Blease for anaesthesia and Dolphin for Oximetry. The group highlights, we've had five consecutive quarters of profitability since the acquisition of Spacelabs Medical in March 2004. Positive cash flow. Completed two acquisitions since March 2004. Our revenue for the group is approaching about $200 million for fiscal 2005 and our growth strategy, which I'll touch on later on, is organic growth and by acquisitions of complementary technologies and companies. This is our revenue chart. Outside the Spacelabs acquisition, our medical business is comprised mostly of oximetry and osteoporosis equipment. Our revenues were about 11 million in 2003 with one quarter of 2004 it was 60.7. 2005 will be the first year of the full integration and the revenue is approximately $200 million and as we have mentioned, and I think we've said in a couple of meetings before, our intention is to grow both internally and by acquisitions for the next couple of years. Healthcare Management Team, we got a pretty intact team when we bought Spacelabs from GE, which was a post-divestiture by the European Trade Commission. Dave Tilley runs the Spacelabs Group, which is the patient monitoring and it the Blease new acquisition we acquired in the UK. Jim Roop runs the Medical Solutions Group and Joe Davin runs the Global Sales. We have a global presence. Distribution to datex sales in the U.S., Canada, UK, France, Germany, Australia and Singapore, distribution is approximately 90 countries. Distribution offices are in Finland, Miami and Singapore. We have manufacturing in the USA, the UK and Malaysia, India and a joint venture in China and we have logistic centers in the USA, the UK, Singapore and India. Our R&D is spread mostly in the U.S., but we are aggressively moving it to India. We have about 200 people in India for the back end and for the R&D we'll be monitoring and we also have an R&D center in the UK for the anaesthesia machines. People have asked us, why medical? I'll give you a chart – we were in the medical before we were in security. We established the company in 1988 to provide turnkey manufacturing of medical devices for Nellcor, Masimo, Ohmeda, Datascope, and Invivo Research and many others, again Optoelectronics based. In '97 we acquired a unique product line called Arrestone , the oximetry business. In 1998, we acquired Osteometer. In 1999, we went in after the respiratory gas analysis product line. In 2000, we launched the Dolphin compatible no core senses in anticipation of their key banquets coming lose which happened in October, November of 2003. In 2004, we acquired Spacelabs Medical from GE and in 2005 we had acquired Blease Medical Holdings, the anaesthesia company, to compliment the monitors. This is organized into three functions, the monitoring under Spacelabs, Blease under anaesthesia and what you call medical solutions, which is oximetry, ADP, med data and osteoporosis. What will this endure in the monitoring, which is the majority of our business, very operative market overview. In the monitoring business our customer, the hospitals especially tends to mean the top end of the hospitals. The 110,000 units sold in the last 10 years were the third leading brand in the U.S. markets, strong brand recognition in the U.S., Asia, Middle East and Europe and there are the one at 15 to 20% recurring revenue for what we call supplies and accessories and I will touch on that. The opportunities for growth in that business is in the low actually monitoring, cross selling with our bundling of the products, all oximetry growth and the replacement cycle. In the Anastasia area again, the customers, the hospitals, the surgery centers, and clinics. Competition is GE and Gregor and in the monitoring also is GE, Phillips, Gregor and on the lower end is Geria Scopes . Our installed basis also very large, about 10,000 units installed, strong second year competitor OEM business and very strong brand recognition in Asia, Middle East, former Soviet block. We have no prints in the U.S. We are talking about first continuing for the rest of the business and in 2007 we plan to enter the U.S. market. The opportunities are in Chinese markets, the Indian market, the OEM business, which they also have in cross selling in to the U.S. market. Monitoring overview quickly, global brand recognition, 110,000 units sold globally over the 10 years, global sales and service coverage, blue chip customer base. We are on of the very few companies who will internally mention the word open architecture platform for monitors, strong product development, committed to R&D. We have told the street that over the last six months, we have increased our investing above the industry peers in R&D. Approximately, the R&D was running about 14 million annualized. It's right now I think about 16 and our plan is to continue that for the next couple of years too, what we can do to catch up. And then, we have the opportunity to cut things back by a percent point or two. Product monitoring portfolio, galimetry is a big spend for us. We introduced in August the Ultraview, very well received. In the anaesthesia and delivery ventilation overview, the company was established in 1946. They are specialists in the design, management, and distribution of anaesthesia systems more in the range of low and mid-high level anaesthesia systems and critically ventilation products and the leading supplier of OEM products and individual anemia components. Their newer family is what is called the Syrus family. They also have an OEM parts and accessories business, which they sell to the other OEMs. The medical data solutions business is divided into what we call four different segments, oximetry, which is competition of the medical core of the Masimos, the Ambidex, the Philips. We did pioneer one of the digital L oximetry technologies. We also have a complete line-up of compatible remote and as analog sensors and our biggest opportunity in that is to be Nellcor compatible and we already have the OEM business for Spacelabs. We had launched just a couple of months ago the true link of oximetry products just to support the Spacelabs product line, which is 110,000 units. In the ABP, which is the ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, we are the dominant player with about 13,000 monitors sold globally. We are basically the gold standard. If there is going to be somebody who is going to look for ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, Spacelabs are the product to buy. The competition is Suntract, Novacare, Meditech . Opportunities are, we are the gold standard. We want to use that name but we also want to capture the low-hanging fruit so we are looking at our low-cost manufacturing to go back in the lower end too. In the med data, we think it is the biggest growth opportunity for us. Competition is eResearch, BMS, and Covenance. There are about 300 trials that we have been participating in both Phase I, Phase II, Phase III. Opportunities again are in developing markets India and China and the new FDA regulations for ECU testing, which has basically become a requirement. You can't come up with a new drug unless you do some ECU testing. Quickly touching on the oximetry, basically the opportunity is to give you an idea each installed unit of Spacelabs is a potential user of razor blades of about 500 to $1,000 over oximeters, which right now may call yet. Since they have launched, it is a new beginning for us. We think that we can capture a big portion of that market though it is going to take a little time because in medical, you can't convert it over. But, it is our own installed base so that means that the potential razor blade business is about 50 to $100 million in our own installed base. We have also made a deal with a distributor called ConMed and over the last couple of quarters, they have done a great job to penetrate the U.S. market. Our products are all digital, completely from front end to the back end, which is one of the very unique product differentiation we've got. In the OMED data solutions area, it was started in 1985, it's the ECG measurement interpretation of drug trials. Post-ECG studies conducted in 1998 completed over three hundred trials, the market size of approximately $1.4 billion for ECG core lab testing by 2007. The big guy in that marketplace is eResearch with about 53% of the market. Our market share is about 9%, but we believe that this, definitely for the next couple of years, will do double digits throughout. We are internally predicting about a 20% growth year-over-year for the next couple of years in that portion of the business. Though small, we think we can really grow that business, and with the back-end strengthening in India we can even make it more cost effective. Ambulatory blood pressure, again we have over 30,000 units globally sold. We are a market leader. We have about a 95% market share in clinical research. We dominate both in the international and the U.S.A., and our idea is to basically capture the lower-side product by our manufacturing strengths so we can go back and not only just get the top end but the lower end, too. What's the Pulp and Development opportunities? Expansion of the Asian market. Both India and China are in our horizon, both in sales, manufacturing and R&D. As I mentioned, we already have a GAAP in both India and in China. Our plan is to look at those markets very focused and to grow that business. Strategic partnership and acquisitions is a must. We are looking at acquisitions of complimentary technologies, and their companies. We are also looking at a low acuity monitor. Against this, Spacelabs are in the high-end business. We want to look at the low acuity monitor. We are developing internally, and maybe with strategic partnerships to go after what we call the independent surgery centers and doctors' offices. Because Spacelabs has a very strong ethnical presence and a lot of industry press also in the wireless capability, we are looking at Telemedicine, and also in-home care as a growth opportunity for us. And lastly, introduction of the anesthesia to the U.S. market. We do plan to get into this, but we're not going to touch it until 2007, until we can digest what we've got. Growth strategies, capture replacement-cycle business and monitoring, cross sell oximetry sensors to basin monitoring installed base, leverage revenue growth, and supplies and accessories. Every time we sell a Big Box , there's about 10 to 15% ongoing recurring revenue in supplies and accessories. So even by default this business has about 20, $30 million of supplies and accessories business. We plan to grow that. We are focusing onto it, and the kind of areas we are going to enter into it is from the cable, special monitoring cables, oximetry we already have, and all the other accessories and supplies which compliment, too, we can put into the same product line. Grow the anesthesia business both into the U.S. and into the Asian side, and develop presence in lower acuity monitor globally. So in summary, we already have monitoring, we acquired anesthesia to bundle because in many places non-U.S. they go hand-in-hand in many tenders where the anesthesia and the monitoring go together. We've got the ambulatory blood pressure monitoring at a gold standard. We've got medical data solutions which uses our talent that we have, and to be able to grow that business as more clinical trials are done. Oximetry is a perfect razor-blade fit into our product line. Osteometer is – I haven't talked much about it, but we have a couple million in our product line, and it is going to continue with the rest of growth opportunity. HG expansion, low acuity monitoring, supplies and accessories, Telemedicine, in-home care are all the areas in which we're going to look at growth. Anesthesia in the U.S. market is a must, Telemedicine, and in-home care. Thank you very much. Open for questions.
Thank you, Justin. And I would like to thank Ken Weakley for inviting us to this conference, actually, for the first time in about seven or eight years. I actually got my wife up here, so we could enjoy Valentines Day yesterday. I hope you all were able to deal with that well. I am going to start-off and did not – everyone is going to read that I am sure. Now, first-off I would like to welcome everyone here for taking the time out to listen to myself and Chairman and CEO of LifePoint and Mike Culotta, our CFO to give you some highlights on our Company LifePoint Hospitals, LPNT. I like to welcome everyone on the webcast. What I would like to do is just touch on a few points, very significant points. The first three pages of the handout and then talk about, really, what's happening and then Mike will talk about the significant things that are going in our industry and affecting our Company financial and operationally as well. First off what's unique about our company is and we are very committed to this we are a pure play the volumes like non-urban but I am still just a good old role boy and that's what we focus on and we focus on hospitals, typically in our markets as you can see and the last bullet point we are the sole community provider of acute-care and 48 of the 51 markets. We are about to fix one of those, I have been saying 15 years that County of Carthage, Tennessee home of Al Gore has a couple of thousand people and two competing hospitals. We were a buyer or seller and were in the process of selling that hospital and I believe we announce that just recently. So, very committed to these communities in improving the quality of care and the breadth of services and that's what creates the cash flow that drives the value for our shareholders. As you can see when we founded the company we gave a small amount – amount not small about 9% or 10% of the shares of the company through a retirement plan and ESOP that are being allocated and motivating our employees out in the field so all 20,000 employees participate in equity and are motivated in that way. This last year we made a very significant acquisition, one that I've worked on for the better part of three years and that was acquiring Province Healthcare who had again all rural hospitals most of which albeit two were the only facility, acute care facility in those markets. It took us from – a geographically and economically diversified our company. These are what we live by; these are what we called the hi-five and they are absolutely critical in being successful in the delivery of healthcare especially in rural communities. Very unique, we don't have the competition; we don't have – we have the power over managed care either take this or you don't provide the benefit, and we have great relationships with our physicians. So as you can see is from a Wall Street perspective our focus is on our based core of assets essentially expanding the scope and quality of care to our patients. So we are very serious about quality, and I think for those of you who have watched what's going on with CMS in Washington and the President in his recent bills focused on choice and getting Pricing/quality communicated to the consumer to better control healthcare cost but it only – we have the responsibility being typically the number one or two employer in these markets to provide the best quality care in that market and typically in these markets have the people that live in the markets have to leave the community to get healthcare because there is not adequate positions or services in these markets. Therefore our tactic is to recruit, recruit, recruit physicians and Mike will be going through that to expand services, grow volume and to invest in new services where it makes sense. We do a lot of analysis as to who in those communities, where people are going to get certain services to set out priorities in our CapEx, very disciplined in putting together our business plan with a focus on return on invested capital and that is what LifePoint is all about. We are an operating company. This last year, yes, we doubled the size of our company. We created enormous growth for the next three to five years because most of these assets were non-profit hospitals that CapEx won't spin in, they weren't managed very well, and they had losses interest the medical staff. So, tremendous opportunity, we have had great success in the first thus we acquired Province in the middle of April, we acquired two other large acquisitions in Danville, West Virginia and Wythe County or Wytheville, this summer, so tremendous opportunity for growth going forward. Obviously, we don't build anything or deliver care without a great relationship with the physicians and having physicians integrated within the community. Anything that a hospital builds is ordered by physician. So, we know and our employees live and breathe that we are there to provide the structure, the clinical expertise, the technology to support the physicians in practicing medicine, so, obviously that our priority. Our employees they participate in the equity of the Company so they have a visible motivation. But we focus on quality, on process improvement and giving them a good workplace, being very competitive in both salary benefits and ours. So, another key element of our hi-five. Being the number one or number two employer, usually the county education system or the hospital being the largest employer and we have to be extremely involved in the community and we highly incentivised our employees to be involved in the community. Infact their kids go to this very same school, they show up at the Friday night football games, they are at the grocery store together, they are pumping gas, our employees, the physician and those relation – and the employers in the community, so that is very important and I'll have to say in physician recruiting the number one reason for losing a physician out of the community other than age and retirement but the number one is not fully integrating that position in his family into the community. So we get our medical staff, our community leaders all involved in recruiting the physicians under these communities and that's why we have such a high retention rate in physicians well above the national average Mike will talk in detail about that. Obviously in our physical responsibility I think you will find that LifePoint Hospitals and we have been voted two years in a row by the institutional investors as being the most transparent company. We provide information in the highest level of detail doing the right thing, 50% of our business is government business, we're highly regulated and we need to be open to everybody as to what's going on, that is absolutely critical. This shows you this year we went from 30 hospitals at the beginning of the year up to 53 going on 53, about to be 58 hospitals over the course of about an eight month period of time. We went from 9 states with a significant amount of our revenues in Kentucky and Tennessee to 20 states with pretty balanced exposure throughout the country. And Province brought a lot of hospitals in some larger western areas that have very good reimbursement and very high population growth. For instance, have Suite which many, many people are moving out of California across the border to Lake have Suite , crediting our retirement fund by selling their home and building and living at a much cheaper costs, it's a beautiful, beautiful area, I could go on and on, but the point there we have strategically created a lot of internal growth in some of the greatest markets. We're going to be doing some assets sale. We have to leverage that. So our focus will be to de-leverage we have announced four asset sales and with all the JV money that's going on, floating around Nashville. People are approaching us on some others and we are not giving anything away and we are not into down sizing our company by any means but we do think we grew fast, we got to be disciplined, we got to not do any more acquisitions after we spent the money to acquire about $300 million worth of revenue at HCI, was that correct? I am sorry, $400 million worth of additional revenue from HCI acquiring 5 hospitals. So, we are trying to balance that integration risk with some asset sales and of course when you acquire another company there are assets that just make absolutely no sense. So, we have identified those, we are very, very close to finalizing and selling four of those in first quarter. Of course in March we will be buying 5 hospitals in HCA, tremendous opportunities there. These hospitals have been ignored, they have had significant declines in medical staff because the money hadn't been invested in technology. We have already brought someone on board, that is working with medical staffs and focusing on what capital needs to be brought in getting them involved and expanding the medical staff. Enormous growth in 2007 to 2009 that these hospitals will drive. And we are very committed to that. There has been a lot of people that have challenged me on why I am doing this after the Province transaction. But if you take it in the perspective of I am selling 4+ hospitals and acquiring 5 that have great growth opportunity and selling 4 that have no growth opportunity, I think it's a very, very wise decision to do so. I am committed that transaction will happen. So, in summery we are an operating company, we will not do acquisitions in '06 except for HCA and we will spend significant CapEx for new services and more money than ever on recruiting physicians into these markets to get the volumes and the returns on the money we investment in Province, the HCA facilities, the Virginia, Wythe County, I am sorry, Wytheville and Wythe County most of our hospitals are the only hospital in the County and Danville which is a very large facility that will be a regional referral center. With that – hopefully I have given you a flavor of the strategy, an update of the Company. Mike is going to get into some significant financial highlights which I think is on everyone's mind as they understand our guidance for '06 – where we are going in '07 and '08 – we haven't guidance but people that's where we are going to have significant growth, we are going to have growth – we had growth last year – pretty good growth last year, closely here out of $2.30 and EPS, the thing about last year is we just blew it out in the first two quarters and I think the whole industry saw somewhat of a backing off on volumes and some medicate problems that drove some bad debts especially in Tennessee with TennCare in Texas, Louisiana's result of Katrina, those had a pretty big impact and that's more so than many of the other companies that are out there. So Mike? Thank you Ken very much. What I am going to go through very quickly with you is some items and current questions that have come up in the 101 and questions that we get called on relating to some of our financial information. One item to please note we did file our 10-K last week, we did file the 8-K which would show you and give you a description of the pro forma information relating through the province transaction is if it would have occurred on January 1, also the Wytheville and Danville locations is if they occurred on January 1, and also the HCA five hospitals as if they would have occurred also on January 1, so we would like to refer very much to that and we would also like to remind everybody as Ken stated we did start off the year with 30 hospitals, it was a whole lot of activity and we ended up the year with 53 hospitals. I also want to talk briefly again about physician recruiting as Ken stated, it is an area that we are going to be heavily focused on, we have five great divisional CEOs, our hospital CEOs are very focused on this, this month they are all meeting together, the hospital CEOs, our divisional operation people and alongwith them any hospital CEOs to discuss and start heavily the planning on position recruiting and retention and will be meeting and like I said month in Dallas. We will keep you constantly informed on that through our quarterly reviews and our 10-Qs on that. Also I want to quickly talk about Medicare and as Ken stated Medicaid. Medicare, we've pretty much discussed everything predominantly in the most recent bill; the key item there for us I believe was the inpatient rehabilitate the state at the 60% level. So that was very good news and we have evaluated the '07 budget, however, we are not giving that a lot of credibility at this point in time are passing. There are number of things that are going to impact, would impact the hospitals the one that was the most significant was obviously over a period of four years not being able to put on the cost report, the bad debt as it relates to the deductible amounts that we'll phase out over a four year period. Medicaid, Ken briefly touched on Medicaid a little bit. We are still seeing the challenges particularly as denials come up, particularly as individuals try to get on the rolls of Medicaid. And so we are seeing that process getting to be a little bit more difficult in a number of the states. Although the states we are starting to see more and more have surpluses were still not seeing much change in the Medicaid area. One item to also note, we have also discussed I think one particular hospital, several folks have told us that about the state of Alabama. Alabama did change. It was sort of a dish payment that they normally give. What they have done is they have increased the rate. So it's supposed to be a little neutral. It was at the majority of our hospitals except for one and the reason for that one is it's got about 30 to 32% Medicaid. It's a very high Medicaid population based at the Vaughn Hospital there in Selma, Alabama and it's about – that hospital also has about 55% Medicare so you can see the impact that it had. So, of the 1.6 million per quarter about 1.2 million came from that. The bad debts, what we're doing is, we've talked about the four, we use the company, we use outside service, we look at credit card opportunities that individuals can apply for, that has done very, very well at the hospitals we've rolled it out at. We did some pilot programs over the last year or so and what we have seen is improvements from about 70 basis points to a little over a 100 basis points improvement. We are going to be rolling that out to 24 more hospitals by the end of the first quarter and so, but it will take a little bit of time as you see that come into play, and then we're going to be looking at the remainder of our hospitals as we roll that out throughout the year. We're going to continually concentrate on upfront collections and the bad debts but that is always as you know a very, very much an industry issue. Giving you a little bit current information, we don't want to get too much involved but, the preliminary amount – from the preliminary review of what we've seen of January, we're very pleased with what we're seeing in January from that stand point. So, again, what will take place this year as Ken stated, '06 is sort of a rebase year, we're going to get back to our basics, get back to our high five, refocus what got us there and very, very much reconfirm that we're in some very – we have some very strong hospitals and some very strong markets. Okay. We got a few minutes left and I had three very significant thoughts, very important thoughts, and it has to do with the culture of our company being very family oriented, retaining some of the top people in the industry. First off, Ken I thought I saw – there he is, congratulations on your third child, it's about to be born. I was fortunate enough to have my first grandchild, a gorgeous little girl Friday that was born, in fact, my son worked in investment banking with UBS and Ben Werolay and in Ken were very key in helping him create a very strong work ethic, he didn't have one before me – working in UBS. Most importantly, little bit about the culture, most importantly as we prove ourselves on volumes and bad debts over the course of the next couple of quarters. Right now our EPS multiple and our multiple of EBITDA is at the low end of the range, now Wayne Smith from Community Hospitals in the back, and I know all of you track Wayne, he has a wonderful great group of assets, a tremendous reputation in the industry, he focuses on rural hospitals. My goal is to get back up to Wayne's multiple. So, as you study Wayne look at the upside opportunity this year as we grow volumes and improve bad debts. Thank you very much. No Question and Answer session was held in conjunction with this call.

Thank you. Good morning. Well, first off, I would like to thank Bill Plovanic and the organizers of the conference for giving me the opportunity to come here and talk to you about Anika today. For those of you who follow the Anika for the past several years, you know that there has been some very significant exciting developments over the last several months, specifically the acquisition of Fidia Advanced Biomaterials. Now, looks like I'm in a minority, but no presentation, at least, by Anika would be complete without the obligatory Safe Harbor statement. So, I would direct you to this and please consider any forward-looking statements we might make today and the presentation within this context and also, within the context of our SEC filings. So, who and what is Anika? We are a medical products company, publicly traded and both in the United States and also, in Italy and are now FAB subsidiary. We have over 20 years working with the naturally occurring biomolecule called hyaluronan or hyaluronic acid and today I would refer to it as HA. I think it's fair to say that both FAB and Anika are recognized as innovative developers of very differentiated products. Those products cover several medical disciplines, which are orthopedics, joint health, advanced wound care, ophthalmology, veterinary medicine, general surgical applications, and aesthetic dermatology. I also believe that it's recognized that Anika is a high quality and innovative manufacturer of these products. So, in its stage of development for Anika Therapeutics, why the FAB acquisition? Well, the simple answer is technology and an expanded product portfolio. There is a lot more. From a technology perspective, there's two very well patent protected and powerful basic technologies in FAB, HYAFF, ATP, and I'll talk a little bit about those in just a minute. Within Anika, we've talked quite some time about expanding and developing a commercialization office in Europe, and the FAB location in Italy, as well as the commercialized staff there fulfills that goal very nicely. From a human capital perspective, the combination of the two organizations; one a little more focused on research, the other one a little more focused on development, is very additive. And then finally, the product portfolio, the technology and also, the research programs are very additive, a lot more than you would think at first glance. So let's talk a little about HYAFF technology success. Essentially, what it does is react the HA molecule such that the hyaluronan then is insoluble. This allows the processing of that material in solid forms to make fiber, films, sponges, tubes, even microspheres. A good portion of the products to-date are woven and non-woven meshes of HA using what amounts to fairly standard textile technology. However, moving forward, you can see that there could be a potential myriad of applications for this technology both with HA alone and also, with HA in combination with other biomaterials or pharmacologically active entities. I'll skip over this slide in the interest of time. The second basic technology that we acquired in the FAB acquisition was autocrosslinked polymerization, which produces a very viscous HA gel. I would also point out to you that Anika itself has a crosslink technology, and that's the basis of our MONOVISC, INCERT, and ELEVESS and HYDRELLE, product franchises. Actually, it's very powerful now for us to have a combination of chemical modification technologies that give us a very good leg up on being able to solve a lot of these thorny formulation problems as we develop new products. So a word about the vision of Anika now with the FAB acquisition. We see ourselves as inventors, developers, and commercializing agent for innovative therapeutic products for tissue protection, healing, and repair. Moving forward, our primary areas of focus are going to be in joint health and orthopedics, advanced wound care and surgical applications, and our paradigm is to cover the continuum of patient care from palliative to protective to restorative. Let's switch gears a little bit and look at some of the revenue growth in Anika, not including FAB. I apologize, these are nine months' data for three years. We'll be announcing our Q4 and year-end results next week, so it wasn't possible to present some that view today. Two things to note, first of all, you can see that tiny yellow dusting on the top, that represents our aesthetic dermatology products. I think there is some significant upside for the company there, as that product gets adopted and as we expand our distribution worldwide, but you can see a main driver of certainly Anika revenues has been in the joint health area, and that will continue to be the case in the near future. When I say joint health, I am mostly talking about products to treat osteoarthritis called viscosupplementation products, injections of hyaluronic acid. You can see here that there is a substantial market worldwide, that market is growing, and if we take just a look at the U.S., the single largest market, there are probably about six products currently approved for sale in the United States. Most of the products are all targeting six months of pain relief in their multiple injection products. So, ORTHOVISC, our product, marketed by DePuy Mitek and Genzyme's product of SYNVISC our three-injection regimen. The rest of the products here have tried to accomplish the same goal with a five-injection regimen. There is one single injection product here, it's called SYNVISC-One, and it was released several months ago, and it's starting to make quite an impact in the marketplace. We move forward to 2012, and when we look at Anika projections, what we see are two things. One, we believe that the market is shifting to a single injection product. We also believe that there will be a place for multiple injection products, but it would seem that the five injection products may lose some of their luster unless they have efficacy, safety or real cost gain implication. This shift to single-injection products puts us in pretty good stead in the Anika, in that we have a product called MONOVISC, which is receiving pretty good attention over in Europe, and recently in Canada. The status of that product in the United States is that we are moving through the PMA process with the FDA. We took a modular approach. We submitted our clinical module at the end of last year, and we expect that that we will get approval in the third quarter of this year. Let's take a look at some of the milestones we achieved with our joint health franchise, good revenue growth. We talked about our progress with MONOVISC. I would bring your attention to one other point. We have a third generation product in development, it's called CINGAL. It's HA with an active therapeutic molecule incorporated. We had intended to bring that into the clinic by the end of last year. We ran into some minor technical problems, but most importantly, a major distraction with regard to the FAB acquisition. So we're still moving forward with that product so as you rationalize our total product portfolio, maybe not on the same original schedule that we intended. If we take a long-term view, there is couple of important things that we should talk about here. First, it is our intent to take MONOVISC and directly commercialize it in the United States with our own sales force. We would add in relevant FAB products as they get approved in the United States, and put those also in a bag of the same people. FAB has been very successful in developing some cartilage generation products which are only available in Europe, and these are the Hyalograft C and HyaloFAS products mentioned here. Our long-term strategy for those products right now is currently being developed. It's not totally clear what will be required to bring them to the United States at this juncture. In Abano Terme, Italy, where FAB is located, there is a pretty sophisticated cell biology and cell processing facility. And in that facility, the so-called tissue test products are made. There are three products that use the polygase cells; the first being Hyalograft C, which incorporates the chondrocytes into a HYAFF matrix; and the other two, Laserskin autograft and Hyalograft-3D matrix, incorporates keratinocytes and fiber black into the same HYAFF matrix. And these are for wound care applications, and I'll talk a little bit about those in a second. Looking at Hyalograft C, a number of patients have been implanted and followed up for a fairly significant period of time with excellent results. I really don't have time to go into any of those results here in the presentation today, but this has been a very successful product to-date. This essentially shows the process that's used, a biopsy is taken, cells are isolated, concentrated, seated on the matrix. The matrix is developed and then implanted back within 30 days. So, it's a two-step surgical process. Another product in the portfolio, a more recent product that's just been CE marked is something called HyaloFAS. And in essence, this is a one-step surgery product. And here you see the HyaloFAS matrix as made and then ready for implantation. I'll let you read this slide, but essentially HyaloFAS takes bone marrow acid MSDs incorporated therein and incorporates them into a HYAFF matrix in one-step process. Rationale for HyaloFAS is listed here. One thing I want to point out, because we've spent a fair amount of time in FAB developing treatment regimen and paradigm for looking at repairing cartilage lesions, and so on, and so forth. So, the existence of HyaloFAS and Hyalograft C. They're really complementary. They are used to treat three different size defects. We think that is very comprehensive portfolio that we have here for cartilage repair. Moving on to advanced wound care, we really don't have a lot of time to spend here. The takeaway is that it's a fairly extensive portfolio of products that treat various aspects of complex wounds. What I am going to focus on are the top of the pyramid, here is some of the skin substitutes. I mentioned Hyalograft 3D autograft. This is the HYAFF matrix that's seated with the fiberglass, if you see the matrix and how the cell's attachment progresses. The other product in this portfolio is the Laserskin autograft. Again, HYAFF matrix this, time seeded again high metrics time and then there is silicon layer placed on top. So, this is the outer layer, you can use this if you have an adequate wound bed, if not, you would use both products in combination. The autograft initially and then this one-time cost. This cartoon here depicts how these products are made, essentially starts with the biopsy, various cell sites are separated. Again, it's similar to the Hyalograft C. You move this through, concentrate the cells, seed the cells on the matrix, and then return it back to the doctor for implantation in the patient. I will skip over this, but this gives you an idea the portfolio of products at FAB. I do want to mention a few other products, commercial products, and then one program that's in development. Hyalobarrier gel is a post-op adhesion prevention product used in general in pelvic surgery. There is a large, large amount of clinical data available for this product. It's been quite successful in Europe. It's starting to make headway with revenues in Asia. And we're evaluating what it would take to bring this product to United States, most likely a randomized clinical trial. The other item of note on this particular slide is Hyalospine. It's used to prevent postoperative adhesions after spinal surgery. There are several products currently on the market. This one is quite different and it takes a very innovative approach. Status of this is it's through basic preclinical, and we are in a pilot study right now with this product in Europe. Let's move now to a little bit of financial data. Revenue as we've seen before, nice growth. We've been able to grow gross margins reasonably well. On the bottom line, EPS has shown some growth, certainly not what a lot of our investors expect. One of the issues that has had an impact on our EPS growth has been the construction of the new manufacturing plant and corporate center. We built that in Bedford, Massachusetts, and we're in the process now of validating that and we'll soon move into garnering FDA approval. Running through facilities has really been somewhat expensive. There is no other way that we would have done it. We need the capacity and the automation that we've built into that new plant, and we also plan on transferring a lot of the Fidia Advanced Biomaterials over to the U.S. for manufacture there. The balance sheet through nine months, once again, reasonable cash position even after the FAB acquisition and very little debt. We did acquire FAB at the end of last year, so the balance sheet that will be released here in a week will be considerably different from this one. So as we move forward through 2010, what are the main corporate goals that we hope to achieve? First and foremost, approval for MONOVISC in the United States; second, launch MONOVISC through our own commercialization arm again in the United States; continue the worldwide commercial expansion of ORTHOVISC and MONOVISC through our network of distribution partners and through additional and new regulatory approvals in new countries; fourth with the FAB acquisition and integration, there are several tasks there, but we're well on our way and we've been into about 2.5 months; fifth, achieving our final regulatory approval and full manufacturing status in our new plant Bedford, Massachusetts and then finally, increase – continue to increase our revenue growth and maintain profitability, that is at least at the levels of 2009 and hopefully reaching from there. Thank you very much for your attention.
Thank you, Steinar. As Steinar mentioned, Atea had strong growth in operating profit in the third quarter of 2017 based on higher sales of services and improved gross margin. Performance in Norway, Sweden and Finland was particularly strong. Total revenue in Q3 was NOK 6.7 billion, up 3.9% from last year. Currency movements had a positive effect of 0.9% on group revenue in the third quarter. Growth in revenue was driven by higher sales of services which were up by 8.6% and software, which was up by 21.3%. This offsets slightly lower sales of hardware, which fell by 1.5%. Total gross margin increased to 24.2%, up from 23.5% last year. The improvement in gross margin was driven by a higher proportion of services in the revenue mix. Based on increased revenue and improved gross margin, EBITDA grew by 14.8% to NOK 269 million. Finally, depreciation and amortization costs fell by 8.7% from last year. This was primarily due to lower capital expenditure during the last two years. With improved capital efficiency, Atea's EBIT grew by 34.5% to NOK 176 million. We'll now take a closer look at revenue and profit development across the countries in which we operate. Starting with Norway, which had a sharp increase in profitability in the third quarter. Total revenue grew by 5.3% to NOK 1.9 billion. Product revenue was up by 4.9%, driven by higher sales of client-related software. Services revenue was up by 6.5% based on growth in long-term service contracts such as outsourcing and support agreements. Gross margin increased slightly to 24.4% compared with 24.2% last year. The increase in gross margin was based on higher sales of Atea's own services as a proportion of the revenue mix. Personnel and other operating expenses were flat from last year as a result of lower head count. During the third quarter, Atea had 33 fewer full-time employees in Norway compared with last year. Based on higher service revenue and lower head count, EBITDA in Norway grew by 33.5% from last year to NOK 79 million. We'll now move on to Sweden where our business also had solid growth in revenue and profitability. Total revenue in Sweden grew by 5.0% to SEK 2.6 billion. Product sales grew by 3.7% compared with last year, driven by higher demand from public sector customers. Services revenue grew by 11% from last year, with higher sales of both consulting and contracted services. At the same time, gross margin increased significantly to 23% compared with 21.8% last year. This increase in gross margin was based on higher hardware margins and increased sales of Atea's own services as a proportion of the revenue mix. With solid revenue growth and improved gross margin, Sweden's EBITDA grew by 19.5% to SEK 102 million. Continuing on to Denmark. In Denmark, Atea reported lower sales, but also lower operating expenses from last year. EBITDA was slightly down, but EBIT was up from last year. Total revenue fell by 4.4% in the third quarter to DKK 1.3 billion. Product revenue was down by 7.9% from a strong comparable period last year. In Q3 last year, product revenue grew by 10.4% based on large project rollouts within client and audio/video solutions. Services revenue increased by 5.9% based on higher sales of contracted services. Total gross margin improved slightly to 24.5% in the third quarter compared to 24.4% last year, reflecting more services in the revenue mix. During the last two quarters, Atea has taken steps to reduce staffing levels in Denmark in response to lower sales. Since March 2017, the number of full-time employees in Denmark has fallen by nearly 80. In Q3, the average number of full-time employees in Denmark was 1.9% below the same quarter last year. In addition, the business has greatly reduced its capital expenditure during the last year. As a result, depreciation costs fell by 12.8% in Denmark compared with last year. With lower operating expenses offsetting lower revenue, EBITDA was DKK 57 million in Q3 2017 compared with DKK 61 million last year. EBIT in Denmark increased from DKK 17 million to DKK 19 million as a result of lower depreciation costs. This is ahead of the guidance given at the last quarterly presentation. In Finland, our business continued to show excellent growth in both revenue and profitability as it has throughout 2017. Total revenue grew by 16.9% to €44 million. Product sales grew by 14.3% based on higher demand for client hardware, particularly within new public sector frame agreements. Services revenue was up 33% based on higher sales of software consultants and large project implementations. Gross margins increased to 19% from 18.1% last year because of a higher proportion of services and the revenue mix. With higher revenue and gross margin, EBITDA grew to €0.6 million compared with minus €0.1 million last year. Finally, Atea Baltics had lower revenue and profitability in the third quarter. Total revenue was down by 2.1% to €24 million. Product revenue increased by 1% from last year, while services was down by 8.6% due to a large subcontracted project in the same quarter last year. Personnel and other operating expenses grew by 5.7% to €4.9 million. The increase was primarily due to salary inflation and a change in the employee mix toward more high-end consultants. With lower revenue and higher operating expenses, EBITDA was down by 19.7% from last year to €1.5 million. We need to put this in perspective: despite the decline, the EBITDA margin in the Baltics remained a healthy 6.2%. Finally, a word on our cash flow. Cash flow from operations was an inflow of NOK 189 million in Q3 2017 compared with an inflow of NOK 151 million last year. As you can see from this chart, Atea's operating cash flow is highly seasonal, peaking in Q4 and with negative cash flow in the first half of the year as working capital balances increased from a very low level at year end. Based on this seasonal pattern, Atea's aim throughout the year is to continuously improve its working capital balance from the same seasonal period last year. If Atea's working capital balance falls from the same period last year, then working capital will have a positive impact on our cash flow for the full year. At the end of Q3, Atea's net working capital balance remained at NOK 287 million below last year, reflecting higher days payables outstanding compared with last year. This concludes our summary of the third quarter financial results. I'll now pass back over the podium to Steinar to provide further information on profit improvement initiatives in Denmark and across our business going forward.


