Yeah. Chris Whitmore from Deutsche Bank Alex Brown. Good morning. Good morning Chris. Good morning Chris. I was hoping you could talk briefly about the performance of the Biotech unit and your outlook for that segment going forward. Results look pretty healthy here. Are these levels of profitability sustainable? And what does the underlying growth look like in that segment? I'll just make an overall comment and I think Doug has some specifics he can help us with. You know, we believe that this segment is poised for explosive growth and it's being driven by the results being achieved with the Human Genome Project and I think it's totally unrecognized, by a large part of the industry, how dramatic the changes are going to be going forward and the impact it is going to have on, what I mentioned a few minutes ago, is the business model for new drug discovery and how that's going to process all the way through to approval. So it's the underlying trends here are quite strong. Doug? I guess, Chris, part of what's your seeing of course is the benefit from our BMA acquisition, which has been very successful for us. It's contributed nicely to the margin growth and the overall increase in the percentage. We actually had a couple of disappointments in the quarter, volume-wise, which could have made these numbers even better. We weren't able to get as much serum as we needed from our suppliers which met customer very specific specifications because of contamination and that probably cost us 500,000 or so in volume, although it's not a really high margin business. We also had supplier problems in our LAL product line with contaminated staffers and that probably cost us 200,000-300,000 in shipments in the first quarter, which, again, we expect to rebound in the second. So I think our outlook is very strong for the remainder of the year. We have targeted 15% growth internally in this business and it still looks very achievable and we see nothing that – of course you get the usual pricing pressures in various product lines, but overall we expect margins to stay roughly where they are, if not slightly improve. Doug, did you achieve the 15% internal growth in this segment in the quarter? It you took out the impact of BMA, it would be around 9% or 10% and that's really because of the two primary items I mentioned. And we also, there were a couple of new product launches that were slightly delayed and they have had a couple of hundred thousand dollars of impact versus our internal plan that, again, will – should come back to us in the first – in the second quarter. So we were under the target slightly in the first quarter, but we still -- But we know why. We know why and we think we will recover from it quickly. Thank you. Thanks Chris. Good morning. Tim Gerdeman from Lehman Brothers. Congratulations on what continues to be another consecutive great quarter. Given the playing rules of the questioning session here, I'll squeeze two into one. Can you give us some very specific guidance, Doug, on your expectations for gross margin and operating margin growth throughout the course of the year? And should we think first quarter as sort of the low point and we build from there throughout the year? And in your answer are you factoring in that you still own or will not own Specialty Chemicals late in the year as you talk about the margins? Well why don't we deal with the last question – the latter part of the question first, Jim, if you could, and then I'll talk to margins perhaps. I think the way we put the budget together for the year and the way we run our businesses and forecast and look forward, we take it as a whole and so Specialty Chemical is certainly in the full year margins the way we look at it. In terms of our prospects, I would say I think what we achieved in the first quarter for pharma and for biotech is probably representative of what I would expect to see for most of the year. They were good quarters from a gross margin percentage basis. I think though we will see some stronger sales growth in biotech particularly. The areas that I think we can look for improvement in are both the Animal Health/Agriculture and Specialty business. We were impacted by the sera state-mandated shutdown, which cost us something on the order of a million dollars between lost revenue and operating expenses. Pre-tax. Pre-tax, right. So that definitely pulled down the Animal Health and Agriculture. We expect to be able to run that businesses pretty much flat out the rest of the quarter – the rest of the year and so even though there has been some raw material impact on their margins because the ethylene is up in pricing and we don't --- some of it is passed through automatically, but some of it lags as we try to get price increases through to non-contractual customers. We would look for at least a 5-6 point rebound, I think, in gross margins in quarter in Animal Health/Ag. And the Specialty business where we've built starting up at the basic asset process, we are making progress there and I think we will see those margins come up through the second, third, and fourth quarter in that business as that start up goes better and we'll begin to get full absorption of the costs we are incurring right now. So that's kind of the way I see the overall profitability, Tim. Thank you. I have got three questions for Jim. At your convenience, if we don't get them, if you find time, give me a call. We'll work backwards. And in the Fine chemical custom synthesis, barely a quarter or a month goes by without another player announcing that that's an exciting area to be in and going to be a future core area, as well as existing players have added capacity. At some point in time, do you have any visibility on this growth in competition and capacity diminishing the value added in that segment of your business? Well, we have been very consciously isolating and insulating ourselves from that. That capacity is going to be largely devoted to making Intermediate and some Advanced Intermediate. I doubt that very much of it will be, find its way into producing active pharmaceutical ingredients and the part that we are involved in where we are doing contract work which is now less than, or it's around 15% of our revenue and about half of that or more is under long-term contract. We really are doing that as a service to big pharmas to make our – stronger relationships with big pharma because in the future, we see providing big pharma and the emerging innovators with a lot of new products and services aimed at this business model that I think is going to shift dramatically. So the new capacity I think is going to be aimed at areas that we are not emphasizing or counting on for much of our future growth. Can I expand on one of your comments? Are you at a point where you might be able to list the kind of things you're thinking of in terms of additional services and offerings that you'd like to add in to your capabilities? The things we're looking at are a range of capabilities – one in novel synthesis, which involves the kind of things we are doing at Chiragene, using enzymatic chemistry and bio-catalyzed reaction. So on the synthesis part, there's certainly going to be more and more need for process development for new compounds. But the more exciting part is really in providing different tools for lead identification, lead compound identification, and optimization, and lifting the bar to better selection of candidates to enter clinical trials. Part of the problem today is that those that fail in clinical trials usually fail through some adverse side effects that we think can be detected earlier in the screening process by using new and different tools, and those are the kind of things that we expect to bring to bear on this whole process. Okay. Thank you very much. You actually got two of my questions out of the way. Okay. Thank you. I'll call you later. Yeah, Jim, clearly a lot of excitement now with respect to APIs for Generics. Could you elaborate just a little bit further, if you can, subject to confidentiality constraints, on the kinds of compounds that you're going for, what therapeutic areas? Just whatever color you can add, it would be great. A couple of the most prominent are HIV compounds and cardiovascular. The other compounds – we have quite a range of therapeutic classes that we are playing in. And Doug could you.... Yeah, we are trying to develop 6-8 new Generics a year now. We stepped up our program. If you are aware, Mark, that the FTC laws don't allow us to do that in Europe any longer, so we are shifting our generic efforts to the US and that program is gearing up But that's a 3- to 4-year out plan I think because of the lead time for those products. But right now, for example, we see major growth in Diltiazem, one of our products, because the time-release formulation came off patent, so that our customers are now able to offer that. So, we've had very good growth in Diltiazem. We are also selling Diltiazem here for the first time, that system is coming off patent here in the second quarter. So, we are seeing growth in some products that we've been offering in Europe and other places that have been off patent and are now coming on to the US. I think, overall, we are seeing partly relief because of the pressure on medical costs. There seems to be a lot of optimism and a lot of resurgence in orders for products which have been off patent for some time. But doctors seem to be prescribing them more because that seems to be part of at least what's behind the very strong backlog we have in Generic. As you are aware, both the Conti acquisition and the Irotec acquisition did add to our portfolio of products and we are able to bring some of those products into the US where they didn't really have that exposure, so that also is a growth opportunity for us because the Profarmaco people, the longstanding part of our generic business, has taken over the entire marketing for those businesses, so that also is part of our upside in this area. As a follow-up, are you able to hit the high spots with respect to sales of Intermediates to, let's just call it big pharma? We are really doing that in a much smaller way, only in Phase I, Phase II clinical trials, and it's really to have us involved in following the molecule along, but it is helping us build stronger and stronger relations as a top tier supplier. But our game plan is to bring other products and services to big pharma and the emerging innovators because the risk associated with trying to count on large volumes of Intermediates or large volumes of revenue dollars of active ingredients is very risky and there are a lot of failures that take place. So we've got that pretty well cornered into a less than 10% of our revenues model. Thank you. Mike Sison from McDonald Investments. Congratulations on another good quarter guys. Thank you Mike. In Human Health could you comment on how much Irotec contributed to sales, then kind of give me an idea how internal growth was for the quarter and your prospects going forward? Yes, Irotec when we acquired the business was about $5 million, which, if you pulled it out of the results, would mean that we wouldn't show too much growth, but remember we have 6% impact on currency. So the other thing, as Jim made reference to, is we continue to look hard in our product line areas and we – year-over-year there is about $2 million of products we dropped because they were low margin, a couple of generic products, there were painkillers, Ketoprofen, and I can't remember the other one, as well as some x-ray contrast media products but again where customers, it would be classical Intermediates that followed the pattern Jim was talking about where pricing just got to the point where we didn't feel it was profitable. So that costs us about 3.3%. The other area that impacted first quarter a little bit was some of our older but relatively large volume products that we tend to get lumpy types of orders, just weren't as strong, but for the year we expect them to be – to do just fine, very comparable at least to the prior year but in the first quarter we didn't see the kind of orders to the tune of about $3 million that we had in previous – in last year. Some people have commented is this Y2K-related, we don't think so, the customers haven't told us but in at least one case they did over stock in the second half of the last year. So it's going to take a quarter or so for them to work it off. Overall, we still see nice growth in this area. We still think we are on target for our 8-10% internal growth for the year in the Human Health area. As a follow up, the new products or new APIs that you spoke of in the first quarter, have you seen orders now coming in, in April? Can you kind of comment on the level of size in the second quarter? Well, as I mentioned, overall our Generics, as Jim mentioned, I guess overall our Generic backlog is at an all-time record. So we are getting very good, strong business there. The new APIs, I think we're pretty much on target with budget. We are talking about – new products in total across the Company. We've identified about $25 million, as Jim mentioned, in his preliminary. About $20 million of that is the pharma – that is product which we already feel we either have firm orders or very firm indications from the customers that they will be taking. 22 projects. Yes, some 22 projects. About half of those would be proprietary projects and half would be in the more like the classical custom manufacturing for customers. But – and those are ones that we've already identified. Obviously we still have almost three quarters of a year to get additional projects in, but, on the other hand, typically it takes a quarter or two to obtain the business, get it in, get the chemistry result, etcetera. So we won't see a tremendous amount of additional business but at least we feel we've got a very solid footing on new products for year 2000. Great. Thank you. Thanks Mike. Nice quarter. Thanks. Can we go back to Irotec? On the last conference call, you indicated that the plant was not fully certified yet. Is that plant fully up to speed? And what kind of capacity can we expect out of it, if it is? It's fully validated. It's operating, as you saw in that facility, there are two main lines. They are both operating. It's running at about 50% of capacity right now. We are going slowly and bringing products from the smaller plant into the bigger plant. There is a lot of training that goes on product line-by-product line and, as you can appreciate, there is quite a high value of material in those reactors. So it has to be done very carefully, so that we don't ruin a batch or have to go through fairly expensive reprocessing. So that gives us upside capacity as we move through the year and into next year utilizing that to a greater extent. But we look for sort of the optimum capacity is around 80% utilization because it gives us a freeboard to bring in new products as they become available or need to be scaled up from the pilot plant. At a full run rate, we'd expect that plant next year to be contributing, what, Doug... Oh, sales volume out of that, ought to be in the $15-20 million range I would think. Okay. Then as a follow-up question, can you just elaborate a little bit more on the growth that we are seeing in your throughput screening business? Yeah. It was one of the disappointments that Doug mentioned in the Biotech area. The introduction of one of our new products has been delayed because of a piece of equipment that is in that test that we buy from the outside. It's had a contaminating effect on the test and we have been working very hard to correct that. The second part of that, to accelerate it to add more assays, we are actually looking for outside license of new product and possibly acquisitions to drive that faster. Trying to do it bootstrap, internal development is not going to be fast enough to, I think, to keep up with the market. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. Good morning, great quarter. Thank you. One of the things I – to go back to Animal Health and Specialty Chemicals, I noticed in the first quarter the decline in operating profit if you take the two together, it was $2 million, a little over 2 million or $0.08 a share of operating profit. Could you give us a little more guidance than you have? Can we expect positive comparisons starting in the second quarter, because I mean had you had an even quarter with last year, you would have had an extraordinary first quarter. I think we're looking at our forecast going forward to probably at least returning to levels of profitability we had a year ago. So I don't look for dramatic improvement. You know we've said all along these businesses are great cash contributors. They're relatively stable and we think as we work through these couple of issues, we're going to get them back on track with their prior years' performance. But I would not look for substantial improvement over and above that as a mix of businesses. But they're good businesses and they're sound – fundamentally sound and they should come back to normal I would say next quarter and going forward in the year. Thank you very much. Thanks Mike. Yeah. Mine is actually an add-on to that last gentleman's question, which would be that you mentioned at least three one-off items in the quarter that happened. If those had not happened, would it be a safe assumption just doing back inflow math work that adds almost another full percentage point to EBITDA or about three quarters to a penny per share and should we be thinking of all those one-offs obviously being behind us and that also gives us even further margin expansions in the next three quarters. And then, as a second follow-on, it's very exciting that you're getting into faster growth what I'll call more value-added products in the Life Science area. What are you going do to further educate the financial community so you can start getting the valuation that you really deserve, which is a much higher multiple? Well, relative to your second question, Tim, I would say one of the things we've got coming up that I think has been pretty well promoted to our investor base is an Investor Day at BioWhittaker, where we are meeting with folks and trying to bring some of our technologists forward and our leading business folks to explain just exactly that point and make sure people understand where Cambrex is today and where they are going in some of these cutting edge technologies. So, Investor Day will be I believe May 16th at BioWhittaker. I believe almost everyone should be aware of it, anyone that would like to know more about it is free to call Anne-Marie Hess here at – or myself here at Cambrex. That's why I gave you the leading question, for an infomercial by the way. Very good. Thank you. Relative to one-time things, which could add, typically you do have pluses and minuses in any given quarter and you do typically get some surprises. I mean one good thing that helped us offset for example the Humphrey shutdown expenses was we were able to resolve some settlements with insurance companies and did get $900,000 of recovery that pretty well offset – little, slightly more than offset the Humphrey shutdown expense. Now Humphrey going forward, that business has been moved into other Cambrex businesses will give us the million dollars plus of benefit. To some degree that's already factored into our thinking, but yeah, I guess I'm, being a conservative individual I hesitate to give you too much encouragement to run forward with earnings beyond where most of the analysts are today, but I think everyone will have to kind of judge for themselves, if I could leave it that way. Thanks very much. Thanks. Jim, you commented that perhaps not everybody recognizes how Biotech is poised to take off and impact Human Health in particular. You clearly recognize that the – I think there has been articles in Business Week, Time, there are a couple of popular books out. I am sort of intrigued, where are you seeing the pockets of lack of recognition or is what's out there severely underestimating the opportunity and the impact? I am not really sure, you know, how much people might be underestimating the impact. I think the reality is the benefits in terms of revenue and profits tend to, you know, lag and come through you know, quarters or a couple or years later than the actual utilization and implementation of the new technology. So I think what's been missing is – you know my own opinion and study of this area is that particularly inside of large, big pharma, there is still an awful lot of investment in people and facilities that are aimed at the old way of actually coming up with the lead identification and the lead optimization, and you know the dynamics and the economics and evaluations of these companies is tremendously going to be impacted by these changes. And you know the historical costs associated with a new drug, a new blockbuster, and the time to market cannot be perpetuated and they are going to be different faster ways and whoever does it first and fastest is going to win the race to the starting line. And so I think that's totally under-recognized by a large factor; there are only 3 out of 10 new drugs in the history, in the last five years that paid for themselves. You get all these drugs that are out day to day, they are coming off patent in the next five years. How the hell are they going to be replaced? It's got to be done faster; it's got to be done cheaper. The methods that are being used to do that are 20 years' old, and there are new and better ways of doing it and I think that's totally unrecognized. And as you know, the extent to whatever success we have been able to have is because we have been able to identify those mega methods, they are there for everybody to see; you pointed out they're in the magazines or in the books. But who is going to risk the investment ahead of when it becomes conventional wisdom, and that's what we are attempting to do and we are pursuing it with a great deal of vigor, and we expect to be a major player in providing new products and services to that new business model. Well let me ask an obvious follow-up. As you look at customers and potential customers who you would provide these services to, who can you identify who seems to get it? Well, there are pockets within big pharma. Big pharma is to the outside world and the investment community, sort of a monolith; inside, it's a variety of pockets of management, of projects, of technology, and I can tell you they don't all speak with unanimity or one voice. So there are pockets within those organizations that have that vision, but in many cases, they are under-funded and until they get some success from the new model, I think it's pretty much human nature – you cleave to those things that have worked for you in the past. But we supply – we have projects with all the top 20 big pharma and medium size pharma companies. The breakthroughs are going to come probably first with the emerging innovators. Because you know if you have a computer and you can utilize Human Genome project data, you can design on a computer three dimensionally the structure that you are looking for that should be useful in either disease prevention or prevention of propagation or at a minimum treating more effectively the symptoms, you can contract out the manufacturing of test quantities, you can prove the principle by another contract and then you can come to us to have it screened and manufactured. So like many changes in technology and changes in the landscape, many times it's done by the emerging innovators, not by the historical players in the field. Okay. Anyone you'd like to mention so we can all run out and buy the stock? Not till I get there first. Thanks a lot. Okay. Yeah, a couple of housekeeping things. Looking at the P&L, I noticed that R&D is about flattish you know year-over-year. Jim, in order to accomplish all the things you have just talked about and have been so articulate on, are we going to have to see an increase in R&D expense at least you know when the new facility comes on board at the beginning of next year? As a percent of sales it is down a little bit... In absolute dollars, it is about flat. Okay. Yeah, we are going to continue to boost that. Our first move in the new tech center will be to relocate the technologists we have at Chiragene. We have about 20 scientists that we will move into that facility, which is targeted for the end of this year and then we will add over the year probably, 2001, another 15 scientists, PhD level, Master level to that. But one of the things we continue to do, as we had mentioned with Chiragene, even though that could show up under an R&D expense; in fact, it doesn't because we run it as a profit center; a profit center that lost money the first two years, but will start making money in the coming year. So we look very critically at how R&D expenditures pay off and we expect a number of the pieces inside that technology center to really be profit centers. We were spending, Mark, over – I think, in 1999, spent about a 1.2-1.3 million with outside CROs that we can pull in-house and build the – and use also to fund our growth and our own people. While we did get some benefit from that, we think we can be more effective, much more effective with that money spent in-house. So while we will be manning up, I don't think it will be as expensive as you might think from a total expense point of view. The observation would be that maybe 3% of sales for a company that is growing like you are internally, just on the outside may look a little skinny. So it would not surprise me nor would it disappoint me if that number were to go up. Yeah and you have to look at, we don't provide it by segments but we do spend more in our – certainly in our Biotech and Pharm area than we do in the Specialty area because that is the higher growth areas as you've identified. Another housekeeping thing, why were Ag Intermediates down so much? And is that going to continue? A large piece of that was – well some of it was the shipments we weren't able to make because of the inability to produce enough pyridine because of the state mandated temporary shut down. We also, in the first quarter a year ago, had very large shipments of 2-cyanopyridine to one specific customer, who for the year expects to take at least as much as they did in prior years, as they did in '99, but timing-wise the order pattern is different; that's about $2 million of that change. So I think second quarter going forward, again we expect the volume to pretty much rebound to, if not exceed prior year levels. Thank you. Yes, good morning and congratulations on a good quarter. Thanks Chris. One of the issues that has plagued some of your competitors has been product and customer concentration. And I'm wondering if you could just remind us about those two items; you know, what are your major product concentrations right now and customer concentrations like Mylan and others? Yeah, we have no product or no customer that would exceed the 5% of our total volume. Our largest single customer, I think, in the pharm area would be Procter and Gamble's pharmaceutical arm there, and Mylan would be close to them also. But Mylan has.... Mylan has many different products probably 30 or 40. 50. 50, yeah, different products. So P&G is more concentrated but once you get there beyond those two in the pharma area, there is probably no one else over, even approaching 10 million. So it's a very diversified group of products and customers. Even in the Specialty area, other than Zeneca who is a major customer of ours for pyridine, we don't have any real customer concentrations there either. So, I think on balance, we are much more diversified in products and customers and even raw materials. There is no one raw material or anything that could predictably jeopardize our results. So it's a very balanced picture from that point of view, Chris. Okay and could you – just going through the business real quickly in terms of pricing impact in your various segments? I would say pricing wise, you know, in Human Health, by and large the drivers, pricing has not been much of a driver, I would say, in any of our businesses, we clearly where we had the opportunity do look at prices and try and raise them, but I can't think we've been right now. But, you know with the whole Conti acquisition, there has been several opportunities to raise prices. In some of the other generic formulates – product reformulation, we've had pricing power, pricing latitude. So there... Yeah, that really relates to the takeover of the marketing of those products by the Profarmaco people who were real, you know, world known and know the markets for those products. So, you are absolutely right, Jim, but I – thinking across the pricing, I think in the Animal Health/Ag area is going to have to go up as raw materials go up, but I don't think we've seen a large impact from that yet. But, clearly in the second quarter, we've got to recover the increased cost of ethylene, which is driving our raw material costs. So then what you are saying is that most of what we are seeing in terms of Human Health and Biotech excluding acquisitions was volume growth? Exactly. Okay. One last question. Can you discuss the tax rate briefly and in relation to your Italian tax credits? Yeah, we continue, of course, to get the benefit of having taken the Italian substitute tax election back in 1998 and that goes for some 5 years. Overall, however, because we are earning more money in Europe and the overall tax rate there particularly in Italy is higher; our tax rate did bump up to 33.5 for this quarter versus 33 a year ago and somewhat higher than our overall rate for 1999. Now, as we go into a year, we try and start conservatively and make sure until we see how – whether we get certain opportunities to reduce taxes, get certain credits like foreign sales corporation credits and all, make sure they are going to come through. We don't make wild bets. So I think you could view this as a fairly conservative tax rate but overall we do look for a slight increase from prior year because the weight of our earnings is showing up more in higher-tax countries. Okay. Thanks a lot. Yes. Doug, I have a question on the currency. I am not smart enough to completely understand this. Human Health had sales reduced by 6% meaning 16% without foreign exchange loss. Is that correct? That would be correct Michael. But now with the euro selling where it is, assuming that the euro turns around at some point in the next year and goes back to let's say 105 or even 110, what – you'd have a significant increase or benefit in sales then. Would you not, reported sales? Yes. We would. But what about profits? I know you hedge to some extent. Is there a kick up in profits as well or is there no effect? No. There would actually be a slight negative effect if there were dramatic change. We hedge to the tune of about 60% of our foreign exposure. The reality is because our costs are in typically, many of our costs are in the local currency and we are selling a lot of our products in dollars, we actually benefit from depreciation in the local currencies in Europe, and that's why we hedge for the reverse taking place. So if there was a dramatic increase the other way, it would hurt us. I don't think the numbers would be real big but there is some negative impact from going the other way. Okay. And one other question if I might, it was mentioned by one of the previous callers that both ChiRex and Catalytica had first quarter problems due to their dependence on Glaxo. You announced about a month ago that you are going into the new innovator pharma. You formed a new business unit to go into that market. They seem to have so much excess capacity. Why is this a business that you want to be in, in a more major way and isn't it subject to price competition? Yeah. Let me talk about that for a minute. This was really – we have been in this business for quite some time and this is an attempt to harmonize our efforts under one leader which has been appointed to head that, Monica Lekander, who had been running that part of our business in Sweden and now she is responsible for Sweden and our facility in Charles City, Iowa. So there is an attempt to harmonize and be able to look at uniformly the opportunities and select the ones that fit our capabilities and our interests. And the reason that we are in that game is we do have quite a large volume of active ingredients that we do produce for big pharma. We do some work on, as a service and making smaller quantities for their Phase I, Phase II, Phase III clinical studies, but we are not concentrating on that as a large part of our growth in the future. The relationships that we have and are building there as a top tier supplier is to have the opportunity to supply other more proprietary products and services going forward. So --and if you look at where the R&D dollars are, the emerging innovators are important in innovation but if you look at where the R&D dollars are, big pharma has it. So there are plenty of reasons to be closely aligned with them. Thank you. Just wanted a quick follow-up. You know in the – in terms of growth that you see in Biosciences, could you comment on your capacity to capture that growth, and going forward give us an idea what the acquisition pipeline is there and what opportunities do you see there are in that market? On the growth side, the leverage we have is with BioWhittaker, which has a 50-year history in supplying key materials to the research market. These would be academic research centers, industrial research centers, and government research centers. So they have a long history of being involved in supplying high quality materials for research that are then, as products are coming through into commercialization, are also being scaled up to larger volumes. The capacity, per se, is really not an issue and amazingly enough these are relatively low capital demand type of businesses. The opportunities going forward are really building off of a lot of the technology moving from diagnostics utilization to actually making therapeutics. So the – one of the opportunities for us is to actually take these materials from bench scale bioreactors and provide materials on a large scale basis out of larger scale bioreactors for making the actual therapeutics. In the acquisition arena, there are over 100 potential companies and technologies that we are looking at. We have stepped up our total activity in this arena because a lot of these are quite small, they are you know just like the Poietics acquisition we made a year ago was about you know a $4 million acquisition; it was doing about 700 million in revenue that will triple – 700,000 in revenue; that will triple by later this year, but they are small. On the other hand, they are new technologies; there is some risk there, but these are small bets. However, to analyze the ones and find out which ones have sustainable useful technology and separate those from those that may have technology that is going to become obsolete in a year or two, takes a tremendous amount of work and so we have added to our capabilities there and right now, we probably have half a dozen that are fairly in advanced stages. So the landscape is quite robust. Are the potential companies largely in the US or is it global in nature? The ones we are looking at are largely in the US; there are some in England mainly concentrated – well, in Europe – mainly concentrated in England – I would say you know particularly in the biotechnology arena. Great. Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Michael. Recognizing that you have both an investment stake and a relationship with SyQuest, it did hit the tape this morning that SyQuest has inked a deal with Glaxo Wellcome as their exclusive supplier for research chemicals. Can you talk about how that and other deals on e-commerce would expect to benefit the Company over time at Cambrex? We are just really gearing up with SyQuest. We are on their site and we have loaded our products and I think we are pretty well up and functioning now and so that's good news. I was not aware of that. That can only help our sales through that arm. We are taking a kind of a multi-pronged approach. SyQuest is our e-commerce provider as a third party, the one we selected and therefore we are in partnership with them, but we are also developing our own e-commerce capability. We use the Ross MP system as our enterprise-wide system and Ross is in the process right now finalizing, I think, for June delivery, their own e-commerce front end for the system we've pretty well implemented across the Company. So we expect to add BioWhittaker, which is really the business we feel is most directly capable of using this new front end to have that up and operating by year-end. Beyond that we're going to have to look at the benefits on a business-by-business basis, of how e-commerce can help us and we don't think it's going to be so much in directly product ordering because that, at least in our minds is more catalog type business which does fit the BioWhittaker, pieces of the BioWhittaker business model. But it's going to get into things like providing a lot more information to our customers on order status, quality levels, FDA certification. But it's going to get that partnership with customers; we're going to be much more deeply entwined with each other when this proceeds. So that's really another whole phase Tim, that I think is yet to really be seen by almost anyone out there, I think we're in a new frontier here relative to that part of e-commerce and e-business. Thanks for the candor today guys and keep beating expectations. Thank you. Thank you. I think I'm all set. Thanks very much. Okay. All right. Thank you very much, Tracy, for helping us out. Thanks everyone for joining us today. We'll look forward to talking with you at the end of the second quarter.
Yes. Christopher Crooks from Janney Montgomery Scott. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning Chris. I was wondering if you could address, I know I am limited to one question here, what's happening with the customer overstock issues? You suggested it was several customers. What's happening there? And can you quantify, from a revenue standpoint or a margin standpoint, what the impact was in the quarter? Yeah. Maybe I could kind of address the whole Human Health segment relative to the growth – real growth versus what we show here. We of course did have some acquisition impact in this from the Conti acquisition, so we were actually slightly, if you pulled the acquisition growth out, slightly negative in true dollars. However, currency, we think, cost us 3% or so because we sell in dollar – a lot of our business in Human Health is in dollars even from Europe. It wasn't as strong as some of the previous quarters. The products that were overstocked are primarily a gastrointestinal drug and one of our pain drugs that probably reduced sales versus a year ago by $2.5 million or about 4% of last year's sales. We expect that to come back probably mainly in the fourth quarter and year-over-year there may still be some shortfall in the third quarter as customers work through their inventory situation. Further, though, I would say another important area in terms of looking at what Cambrex did in the Human Health growth arena is the products we dropped, which are almost 5% of sales. The largest one being x-ray contrast media. Those of you who've followed us over time know that that area has been weak for us for several years, that there is competition in that area. Pricing is very difficult. So about half of the sales we dropped were in that arena. The balance was some smaller product areas that cost us some volume. I'd say the last piece of the sales puzzle would be some products that we've temporarily halted production due to very – some competitive pricing situations, but we think it can come back another $3 million worth of sales that we feel, again in comparison to prior year's quarter, that we'll go back to those customers in time, we think, when the situation stabilizes, but one of them was a gastrointestinal drug and another is immuno-pyridine area that we think we can get back at kind of at our choosing. Right now we don't need them and we'll get them back when and if we want to. So that, Chris, is kind of the picture. In terms of margins, I think we were able to keep our plants busy with enough other product that I wouldn't say that losing these had a dramatic impact on our margins and, as you can see, overall we were up year-over-year in the Human Health arena. Okay. Nice improvement in margins. Thank you very much. Good morning. Actually my question does revolve around the EBIT margin, at 19.5 very impressive and by the way congratulations on what I think is a great quarter. You know, the market's not reacting well today. What's the sustainability of that 19.5% margin? And talk about what it will look like in the second half, given the spending Jim talked about and the hiring on of new scientists, etcetera, please? Well it was a very strong quarter from an operating margin or an EBIT margin perspective. I assume you are looking at the operating profit of 19%. Right. We don't forecast it, you know, at that level, let's say, we look more at net income and sales levels, but I think we'll continue to see year-over-year improvement in that percentage if we have to say. We are seeing some slight impact in the R&D area and we will see some in the administrative area from hiring and staffing up. But we think it's going to be done at a manageable rate and that our business improvement overall should allow us to keep those things relatively in balance. My clarification question would be – since you're looking at an earnings per share basis, does that suggest that the current earnings growth that you saw in Q2, do you think it is sustainable for the next several quarters? Well, we've taken a good hard look at where the consensus is and where, you know, each of the analysts that follow us are right now and I think relative to what we see in the third quarter, we would have to say that we are probably – our internal estimates would be somewhat below the consensus. I think our fourth quarter, we feel will be a very strong one and would put us still for the year in the range of – well within the range of analysts' estimates. But I think we did want to get out that fourth quarter at a 48-50 some plus cents -third quarter rather at 48-50 plus cents for the range is probably a little more aggressive than we see right now. Of course things do change, it's early in the quarter. More historical pattern. Yes, if you look at our historical pattern, we've had almost a 20% drop in earnings from the second to the third quarter and that's a function of the fact that we have – our European plants are by and large shut down for a full month. Even our U.S. plants, this year in particular, we are taking the opportunity to be down for a week or two to do some maintenance, repair, and upgrade a facility. So that was one caution I did want to give in the – we wanted to give in the call. Okay. Thank you. Yes. Good morning, it's Fred Cymer. Your R&D percentage, at 2.8% of sales, is low for a science-based company. I wonder where you see that percentage going and how quickly you'll get there? We see that moving up not rapidly but to 3% and then probably to 3.5%. Part of our technical costs are actually captured in cost of goods as a lot of the people in process engineering and plant technical service are really captured in that arena. Another part of our expense that will show up in R&D is as we move the Chiragene people into the Technical Center; they will go from showing up in a business arena into an R&D category. And we are – this is the average for the whole company; we are actually building a higher percentage rate into our higher growth businesses in biotechnology and into new pharma development. Okay. Thank you. Good morning. Good morning, Mike. Could you kind of give us a clarification of what happened in the specialty chemical businesses? Sales were down, was it kind of an end market issue? Did customers just not buy as much this quarter? Sure, Mike. Again it is sort of the same story – a little bit of the same story that we had in Human Health and that's some marginal products – two things – timing and marginal products. 1.7 million of the change year-over-year is in a product that's polycarbonate additive that for the year will be identical in sales volume, but in this it's the timing of when the customer is taking the orders. So that's about 1.7 million. We did reference some lost encapsulant business; that's over $1 million, that is primarily a function of the combinations going on within the Bell System and the fact that depending on who wins in that merger they may or may not be a user of our products and in this case, we lost some business because of one of the mergers. We also dropped some low margin castor oil business – and that we can plus or minus as we need it. But we did drop almost $1 million worth of low margin business. And the last one I'd mention, a product we call Suconox we dropped about 600,000-700,000 to prior year, again low margin business but we just didn't feel it was worth taking on. I would comment that we are looking for a better environment for the specialty businesses in the second half, particularly in the fourth quarter we think they're going to be very strong. So that you should not see this type of percentage decline on either the Ag business or the Specialty and fine chemicals in the second half of the year. Just as a follow up, is the gross profit margin at the 20% level, is that sustainable going forward due to the products that you dropped? Yes, of course, we had only 13% margins in animal health in the first quarter and that was impacted by the shutdown of our Nepera facility. But we are somewhat down from prior year in Animal Health and Ag because of the raw material price increase – cost increases, which we haven't fully recovered. We think by the fourth quarter that hopefully will begin to mitigate as ethylene prices get better in line and methanol stabilizes to the degree that's impacting us. In specialty and fine chemicals, you saw that we did see some improvement in the second quarter and we think that should continue also for the rest of the year. Thank you. Okay. Yeah, I wanted to follow up on the new products side, particularly given the hirings you have made and referred to. If it's going to be $15 million this year, can you give us a feel for what you think it might be next year, and then even in that $15 million, is it accelerating during the course of the year? Yeah, why don't you address that Doug. Yeah, I would say definitely it's accelerating through the year. Our records show we are probably doing – out of the 15, we have probably done about a third of that in the first half and therefore you'll see much stronger new product sales in the second half, just annualizing, say a $10 million rate would put us somewhere over 20 million for next year and I don't think that's unreasonable; in fact, we look forward to next year's overall growth rates from our strategic plan, and we think that new products, you know we are into double digits and in almost all of our key business areas and new products will continue to be an important part of that. To clarify, could you identify the top one or two therapies that those new products might be addressing? Well one of the areas – one of the products is going to be very helpful next year, it's making a significant contribution this year, is a contact lens application that we are taking over for a customer that could be $2-3 million of new business next year. Jim, – any thoughts on some of the other major ones? Well, we continue to do very well in the cardiovascular and antihypertensive, and next year we expect to see a successful commercialization of the controlled substances that are being tested and qualified right now. And once those are approved, we will be selling to five or six different companies, and that should be quite strong. GelTex is getting additional approvals and so that will show up in more business. The Praecis prostate cancer drug has been – approvals have been delayed or not coming as fast as they had projected or we had thought; however, they should be in place for full year business, I believe, in 2001. So those are all – yeah, we are going to carry a fair amount of momentum from the fourth quarter right into 2001. And we are looking at a very strong year 2001. Thank you. Thank you. Just making the observation that there has been a lot of M&A activity in the fine chemical universe of late, and I was wondering if you could comment, on if you were approached by Rhodia or anyone else and what your acquisition appetite looks like for the remainder of the year? Thank you. No, we were not approached by Rhodia. I think, though, that the consolidation that we are seeing both at the big pharma and with companies supplying to pharma, you know, will continue. I think. We saw Clariant at BTP and then most recently ChiRex. So I think that will continue. In our own plans, it makes it a little difficult for us because we characteristically do not pay those kinds of multiples, and so we are – we evaluate a lot of acquisitions. I think, as we've talked before, Kate, we have 10 or 20 going on at any one time. Unfortunately when people bid prices up that high, it puts us on the sidelines a little bit; however, we do continue to look for ones like the LumiTech, where we can get a technology platform that fits right into our business strategy and we'll continue to do that. We expect probably in a couple of weeks to making an announcement on another piece of technology that fits right into our biocatalysis business and will give us one of the widest range of capabilities and enzymatic routes to very valuable and new pharmaceutical intermediates. So you know, we'll continue to support the new product programs and as acquisitions become available that fit and make sense, we'll make them but probably not at 14 times EBITDA and things like that. Thank you. Hi, Jim. Good morning. A follow-up to this question that Allied Signals and now Honeywell, is at 200 million or so in fine chemical business, is also up for sale. Any thoughts on how that transaction would change the landscape. I am assuming it's likely to go at a valuation you'd never be comfortable with. Well, that's a good point Allan. I think when that Proxim business went to them, it went at a valuation, I thought, was you know, out of sight. I don't know. I think that people will have to take a very hard look at what are the prospects not only in margin and – but what are the prospects for growth in any of those businesses. So I – yeah it will change the landscape. I think what I would want to watch here and try to understand is, is this part of another cycle where we've seen large companies try to move into a specialty chemical area or fine chemical area that by our estimation requires a pretty entrepreneurial type of management and style to be successful because there are lot of small products and lot of small customers, not big orders; takes a totally different approach and is this the beginning of what we might see – what we saw 8 or 10 years ago, a similar cycle where following a big boom in commodities, big companies got into specialties and well, they rotate back out of that. So, be interesting to watch. One follow-up if I may. The one week shut down in the US, is that typical for you or is there something special going on this year? I would say it is fairly typical, although, in some cases we are doing it to try to get vacations all caught up and out of the way at one time. So, we don't have to deal with that if we get as busy as we expect to in the fourth quarter. But, in other situations what we are trying to do is rolling shutdowns. So if we can, we don't take the whole plant down. We'll shutdown an area and rotate the people from area-to-area. But, this year we've taken more specific full plant shutdowns and we think that will serve us well later in the year. I appreciate it very much. Thank you. Thanks Allan. Yeah. You had mentioned, Jim, back in the first half of 2000 that if we did not see on the tape by five that Cambrex was engaged in pooling of interest that there would be a pretty high probability you might address spinning off specialty chemicals in the second half. Do you still stand by that? That's always a tough question to address out in the open. We will review all of these businesses on Thursday with the Board and where we stand on acquisitions that may require pooling is still an open question. But I think the latest estimate on pooling now delays any elimination of that until probably the end of the first quarter next year. So, we have a little longer runway here to possibly entertain that type of transaction. And if I may get a clarification to Doug's answer to my first question earlier, you were suggesting that EPS could be somewhat below current street for Q3. Are you also suggesting that you'll make that up therefore Q4 would be above the street? Yeah. I think that's kind of – that's where we're headed. Again, we are trying to talk ranges since we are looking forward but overall, clearly, if we're under in the third quarter, but still expect to be within the range we would have to be somewhat above in the fourth quarter where people are. And so the 205 for 2000? You are still comfortable with it? Well, that's within range. I think to be – the range goes from 205. I think up to maybe 206 or 207 but that's – I think we're within... 2 to 206 isn't it? Yeah. 2 to 206 is the current level and I think at this time rather than be that definitive, I'd rather just say we'll be in that range, Tim. Fair enough. Thank you very much. You really haven't talked a lot about biosciences in this call. The sales there were a bit below what I was looking for. Perhaps you can address that? Yes. Mark, if you do take the acquisition growth out there was probably something around 6-8% real growth in the business and that – the good news is the human cell, the highest growth areas of our business did grow in excess of 20% and that's in spite of one of the major cell lines we have run into a temporary availability problem which we think we've now got solved or are very close to solving. That cost us about a quarter a million in the cell growth area. Otherwise we'd probably be up more like 25-30%. Our media and serum business was basically flat. About 600,000 worth of orders were not shipped in the quarter because of availability of raw material. Again we're getting closer to solving that problem but it probably will be the fourth quarter until we have full availability. One customer also made a switch from a liquid media to a powdered media. We still have all their business but in terms of sales dollars, it did cost us, again, $200,000-300,000 versus the prior year. And the last piece of the puzzle, which again I think we've gotten – we now have or are very close to solving is that our LAL shipments have been below normal because of some temporary manufacturing problems. We had some problems with stoppers that we have pretty well solved. And it's going to take almost two quarters to catch up and that's, again, why we think the fourth quarter will be particularly strong to get back customers. We're shipping customers. We are keeping customers fully available with the material, but we aren't sending them as much as they'd like right now. So it is causing our sales volume to be weak in that area. Again, we think by the fourth quarter we'll be in very good shape and have our customers back to full stock position. So when you take that into account, it's part of why we are below the 15% target for that area in the quarter. I think we also had an order delay because of the, strangely enough, 4th of July weekend, where their facility was going to be down for 4-5 days and they did not want to receive any of the cell material in an ad hoc way. So they delayed the shipment from June until after the fourth of July. So but there were number of pieces like that that were deviling us. Just kind of a follow up. I know it's only been announced and hasn't closed and may not, the acquisition of LifeTech has been announced. How has that changed the competitive landscape as far as you are concerned? I don't know a lot about Invitrogen other than they seem to have a very highly valued stock. But we know the Life Technology business quite well and there are pieces of that that, you know, had – if the valuation had been something we could do, we would have been interested in making that acquisition ourselves, but the pieces of the business that we particularly are interested in are molecular biology tool pieces and these are things that we are going about through technology acquisition, technology licenses, and hiring experts in the field that we will be rounding out our own capabilities. We don't really compete too much directly with Life Technologies. It's more of – we see that lot of what they have is complimentary to us, not competitive. Thank you. Okay, well we want to thank everybody that participated and dialed in and we'll look forward to reporting on our third quarter. Thank you very much operator.
Congratulations on bringing the money to the bottom line. Thank you, Allan. Could you take us through by sector – your best estimate of impact on the top line of volume, currency, any acquisitions and divestitures with the remaining obviously being mix and price? Allan I – yeah I think we can as we disclosed in the press release, human health was impacted by almost 6% in currency, very substantial impact. The bioscience arena was about 3.5%, the smaller piece of their business, but they do have BioWhittaker Europe and a piece of the BMA business is also in there. Relative to acquisitions there is a little bit of carryover, probably a couple of million dollars net of inter-company eliminations of shipments from Conti that benefited the human health volume. In terms of the ag/animal health, we had a stronger – a very weak order pattern a year ago, somewhat stronger this year, and we expect that strong order pattern to continue into the fourth quarter. In fact, they have an excellent backlog of orders for ag/animal health. And the specialty and fine chemical arena, primarily down because of the two major product areas. And telecom products continue to be weak. I think in previous calls, we have discussed some of the consolidations going on with the Baby Bells and some business we've lost there. I think it's primarily a function of that and also this particular quarter there is a specialty additive that we sell, that timing on the orders isn't necessarily the business we lost, just customer timing was – there was a couple of million dollars year ago that we didn't get this year, which - Just a partial follow-up to your comment on the fourth quarter, you mentioned strength in animal health. In the human health area are you still seeing heavy competition from Europe due to the low euro and excess capacity there and how might that impact in the fourth quarter? Yeah. I think I might just comment on the fourth quarter and sort of get that all in composite maybe. I think we see the human health sales will be down slightly because we expect the euro translation issue and competitive prices will continue. We also are looking at timing of orders for – a very important new product has moved into next year as we wait for this NDA or new drug application to be submitted. We've been waiting a year for that and that's a frustrating part of the new product activity with the data required by the FDA. But we have developed a new process for one of our most important products to permit us to meet competitive pricing. It reduces the top-line sales but maintains the profitability margin and allows us to overcome that competition. It also – another side benefit of the new process is it's a lot slicker and it frees up some capacity for new products that need cGMP capacity. So – on the other side of that – we in the first quarter we'll, for the first time we'll be shipping several new products and we expect to carry a pretty strong backlog into next year and we can talk about new products later perhaps in response to someone else's question. But I might just on the fourth quarter, just finish that outlook. We are looking at Bioscience to grow at about 5% with some modest profitability increase. The cell sourcing problems are expected to continue into fourth quarter. We have some carryover manufacturing problems in the diagnostic area that we've – should be cleaned up by the end of the year. Also in the area, while we are emphasizing growth in new cell therapy applications and new assay kits like the LumiTech, the LumiTech acquisition will cost us probably a penny a share in the fourth quarter. And then finally in the ag/animal health/specialties, sales should be up along the lines Doug was talking about, about 10%. We have a strong order book for these products, and also the new picolinate and ester products line should both contribute to sales growth and while profits will – are still going to be impacted by raw materials and energy, around 2 million bucks, profitability we expect we'll be up year-over-year. So that's sort of the vision on the fourth quarter. Thank you very much. Good morning. Good morning, gentlemen. I was wondering if you could discuss how long it may take with your current visibility to bring your margins back up to previous levels in the biosciences business. Is that a Q1, Q2 even as it is trending currently? And as a follow-up, any commentary on activity with the specialty chemicals businesses. Relative to the margins in the bioscience arena, we think that right now there is a – it's a function somewhat of product mix Chris, the old traditional cop-out let's say, but third quarter was a not a particularly strong mix. I don't think we are going to see this level. I think we should do better in the fourth quarter and I think next year we will continue to do better. Some of the cost reduction efforts we're making down there will affect above-the-line, i.e. margins, not just below-the-line operating expense. And there is some LumiTech cost. While most of it's below the line, the small acquisition of the new assay testing technology is somewhat impacting above the line also. But, overall, I think margins should get stronger going forward here. Relative to specialty things – Jim? Well, let me just add to the margins issue in that area. One of the things – we are pulling forward very strongly on the R&D projects in the bioscience area. We have a lot of technology that's been brought in that is now being pulled together, integrated and will result in new products that have higher margins. We are emphasizing five key areas in there – certainly the cells, we are working on functional models of barrier cell systems such as intestinal epithelial, a dermal blood-brain barrier, these kinds of things that are very important to the research market. In the second area, molecular biology, we are building up internally our product line in molecular biology, more products for separations of DNA and protein identification, new agarose formats and polyamide-based duramide. In the media, as you know, we are very, very strong in defined media, we are working on new defined media offerings, serum-free formulations and custom services to help other people with their media and cell systems. These are all very high margin. The bioassays, I had mentioned the LumiTech is one. We are developing new, what we call CELISA assay kits using new cell formats for testing other drug toxicities and the viability of cells in apoptosis kits that monitor the programmed death of cells. These are all new and unique offerings to the market. And finally we are the leading offering of endotoxin detection; we are working – we are the only ones that have automated systems in endotoxin, and we are pushing those systems. We are improving the software that runs those systems, we're developing new liquid endotoxin detection standards, and we have a new assay – it's turbidimetric that is required and growing in the markets. So all of those I think are the kinds of things that are going to drive the margins up in the coming year. Okay. On the specialty chemicals side, one thing I should mention is that we have separated fine chemicals from specialty because a lot of the fine chemicals fit better with our pharma and we've put that business under Claes Glassell. I have taken over direct management for the specialty chemicals, and we are at sort of the low point in the profitability – one out of about every four or five years, we are on a down cycle. The interest and inquiries that we've had seem to be over-discounting the margin squeeze that we're experiencing and you know these are good businesses and we're not going to sell them at a low point or sell them at a discount to the real value. So it's something we're looking at everyday, we're reviewing it everyday, we're following it constantly, but our focus really is and must be on our growth areas of the pharma and bioscience. So that's about what I can tell you on the update there. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Chris. Yeah, my question, Jim, is to update us on all three of the things you talked about on the earnings pre-release, you just talked about the divestiture side. Can you update us on the Letter of Intent that I thought you had with respect to buying another biotech business and then you indicated that there was an increased supply of API-type acquisitions, the likes of Eastman to bolster that business, so can you address the other two elements of the portfolio? Okay. Yeah, we have the Letter of Intent and while I had hoped that it would fast-track and we'd have something to announce, we're still in due diligence; it's been a little more complicated as we got into it. It's progressing well and, realistically, it probably won't close until December because we will have to do a Hart-Scott-Rodino filing, but it's coming along very well and the more we learn about it, the more we like it, so I think that's the good part. In the other cGMP areas, and people that are divesting, we are taking a very hard look at these and we've reviewed several and we are in the process of giving an indication of value. So we are trying to balance all the competing demands on our time but they – I think it's too early to tell, we don't have anything definite at this point relative to any of these new offerings on the market. As a follow-up, can you give us any sense at all as to the kind of level of interest you think they are getting, is this going to be a well-attended auction or do you think it's going to be tough because a lot of people are concerned that the bloom is off the rose in this business, so is that getting reflected in the kind of price expectations that the sellers have? That's an excellent question and I don't have a good view on that Mark, we have not been told how many people are bidding and I haven't really seen much, you know, and our own view is, we have a pretty good idea what we think the values are but I really can't comment any further, I don't think. Thank you. One thing that we are working on for ourselves is we continue to look for new technologies. We expect to be able to announce shortly; we have sort of the final draft on some new technology acquisitions – really a minority investment in a high tech company who has product lines and patents that fit beautifully with our PyroGene business and so that's another example of where we continue to try to fill in the matrix through these acquisitions. Okay. Thanks. Thank you, Mark. Good morning and first off, I'll congratulate you as well on an impressive overall EBIT margin expansion despite the challenging external conditions, but in light of Reg SD, I'm finding most companies, yourself excluded until I ask this question, have been providing some, what I'll call qualitative and quantitative guidance on earnings expectations, and I am wondering you did talk about it on a qualitative basis, but would please talk about it on a quantitative basis in terms of expectation for earnings in 4Q 2000 and 2001, Jim? I'll have to ask Doug to help me on that. Jim, I think, relative to fourth quarter, we would, you know, we put out a press release about 3-4 weeks ago that, you know, discussed the range for the year and I think we'll stick with that for now, which I think was fairly definitive in a quantitative way. So, that's nothing new to report there. 2001? 2001 - Well, let me take a shot at 2001 because we are just beginning the budget cycle for 2001. We had a primarily meeting with some of the general managers, we'll be doing on-site and on-location visits over the next 2-3 weeks, but, you know, our sales growth target remains 8-10% and our earnings growth target is 15% year-over-year. We don't expect a significant change in the expenses or the expense landscape other than a small increase in R&D, mostly due to the new technical center and some personnel additions that – where we are filling some openings that we have had really to support lot of these new, exciting product programs. I would say that our kilo labs and pilot plants continue to operate really at an all-time high, and what we are seeing is that our contract research activity is beginning to feed product opportunities for manufacturing into our pharmaceutical cGMP plants. We are finally beginning to see some repeat contract R&D activities and repeat business where we are moving from Phase II to Phase III and on towards people getting ready for approval. So, the line seems to be beginning to tilt up. And some of the new product highlights we see; for instance, there is a new anti-parasitic that we expect to grow from a small base this year to about $6 million. Another advanced intermediate for HIV will grow by about $2 million. And, you know, for us $1 million or $2 million or $3 million of a new product is a big deal. We announced earlier the product for use as biopolymer for contact lenses and stents for this company called Biocompatibles, will be $2 million or $3 million next year. So, we are pushing these on several fronts. The bioscience, where we just talked about margin expansion – you know, the growth there is going to be generated by new business in cells and optimized media system for cell therapy applications. There is a tremendous ground swell of activity coming along in cell therapy, really they are in clinical trials, but it's expanding over a wide range of cell systems. We have a new powdered media plant that will be completed and our cell sourcing problem should be solved. So, we get that nemesis off our back. And we are working on other new cell products including tissue stem cells. I've mentioned the functional barrier model, this is huge and new and extremely creative where you can do these – the barriers in your body for the intestines, for the skin or dermal. Nobody has ever had a blood-brain barrier model to use for research and that as you know when you are trying to treat diseases of the brain, how do you get through. We have these new media kits available, so people can optimize the growth conditions of cells. We can't – we haven't been successful yet in buying more products for a molecular biology pipeline, so we are developing it internally and we've got new products such as cellular DNA arrays that are used for a wide range of detecting events in various biological pathways. We have some other new stable, pre-stained agarose gels that are used for high throughput measuring and identification of proteins. So, you know, the bioassays we've talked about, using human cell-based models that provide excellent relevancy on tox testing or high throughput models for new drugs. So, you know, based on our unique stem cell position, that's a critical technology. We are developing new formats for things like podocytes. which is fat, how do stem cells differentiate into fat cells and how does it differentiate and how do you develop and provide dendritic cells that are used to measure when antigen are present, which antigens. of course. are the things that fight off disease and infections. And we have a new product that we are working on in the medium term for the generation of a new product that's called osteoclasts and these relate to bone and the study of bone resorption. When you want to look at how – what is happening with the skeletal structure, you know, the skeleton turns over about every 10 years, well there is a lot that's not understood about how bone dissolves. Bone is not reabsorbed and we are going to have a new cell system to be able to study medications that impact that. So, these are all things that I think are directed at next year and give us the confidence that we will be able to hit the goals that we lined out. That having been said, I am going to ask for my clarification question which is if we just stick with your 15% year-over-year earnings growth, I don't think you want us walking away from the call just thinking that because on the consensus of $1.86 this year, that would suggest next year's earnings base target that you would be leaving us with is $2.13 which is below the current consensus. Unless, I am missing something your 2000 earnings of $1.86, if that's what your hit there or thereabouts, is artificially suppressed because of all of the problems we discussed earlier on the call. So we should be thinking about 2000 as a bigger number on an ongoing basis from which to apply 15% earnings growth in 2001? Well that's some mathematics that Doug is better at than I am I think. Yeah, it clearly would take more than 15% to reach the current consensus. I would agree with you there definitely Tim, and I think it is a matter as we are going through our budgeting process, we are trying to nail down just how valuable some of these new products and some of these things are. Right now, I think we'd be hard-pressed to give you guidance well above the 15%. I think it's sort of a matter of each analyst having to determine based on what they see in this Company's history as to how strongly we do. But Doug, what I am asking, supposing is, would you agree that the 2000 earnings base from which we're trying to apply 15% is artificially stated lower than it would be in ongoing run-rate had you not encountered a lot of problems. So therefore it's not really a fair comparison? No, that's true. We did not achieve for example the 15% in earnings growth this year because of some of these problems and were we to return to the – to a more constant path, we would be at the higher number Through three quarters, we didn't... Right. Exceed that. So I think - Yeah, through three quarters, we're up about 16% if I recall. Thank you. Hi, Michael. Good morning. You know in terms of the 15% that we're talking about, how important would the first quarter be in achieving that, and my concern is and if you can give us some guidance on the visibility, you have a lot of new products that I would assume would be very important in hitting that type of goal in the first quarter. You had a very, very strong quarter in the first quarter '99. When will you know, will it be maybe end of November, end of December, if these new products will ship and if you don't get them to ship, will those delay in the second and kind of give us that 15% goal a little tougher to grab? It's '99? Well, you're saying we had a first quarter 2000 very strong, Mike? Yeah. I'm sorry. I apologize. I meant first quarter of 2000. Right. We did have a very strong quarter. Well, unfortunately we don't get our budgets calendarized and a lot of information at this stage because we're in a preliminary part of the year. This is Doug MacMillan talking. We really haven't talked to this group about it. I mean I think we will see accelerating benefit through the year and that we're probably – because we had such a good quarter a year ago as you pointed out, the year-over-year improvements should get easier as we get further into the year. Beyond that I don't have a lot of guidance to give you at this time, Mike. Claes? Michael, Claes here. I think it's worth mentioning that we are, as Jim mentioned before, seeing an increased rate of bagging orders for new products and in the fourth quarter we have no less than 13 new products just renovated that we are going to invoice which are brand new products for us and I think what you could expect to see in the future is an increased lumpiness because you start working on the projects, you know, you work for 5-6 months and then you get no revenue until you build and then you get a million dollars but then that goes away for a while. So that makes the prediction all the more difficult, the increased lumpiness of the business. So as a follow-up, these new products are products that you definitely have in the pipeline, nobody else can come in and take them away and if you kind of take a look at the business again on an annual basis versus quarter-to-quarter. If they don't come in the first, there's a good chance that they'll come into the second, third, and fourth and we should kind of take a look at the year for Human Health and Biosciences on an annual basis versus being worried if the fourth quarter doesn't come in as expected. I think that's a good approach. Okay. Thank you. Thanks Mike. This is Robert Ottenstein. A couple of questions. Can you give us a little bit of clarity on numbers like the tax rate which was lower than it had been and the administrative costs which also looked a little bit lower than we had modeled? Sure. On the tax rate, we at this time of year we start to look hard at what our true effective rate for the year is going to be and we just completed a couple of major R&D tax credit projects that yielded almost $600,000 in tax benefit that our previous 33.5% rate hasn't anticipated. So, that we booked in the third quarter. We also look – we will probably have based on our year-end true up when we do that, a favorable to our average rate for next year. So we think that we have got some major positives coming in taxes for the rest of the year. Your other question on administrative expenses, I think here, knowing that we saw volumes slowing, to some degree you can manage particularly in the administrative area expenses. And as we saw, mid-third quarter that things were starting to slow down on the sales volume side, we have done everything we can to manage our variable expenses in this area, and that's why you actually saw a couple of hundred thousand fall in the administrative area and we anticipate continuing that very tight control in the fourth quarter as well, to make sure that we achieve our earnings target. Well, we are also streamlining a number of processes as the rolling out the Roche system and being able to actually, you know, do more with fewer, so that's another piece of it. And what would the guidance be for the tax rate for next year then? Well, let's see – I would say probably in – it may not be quite as good as this year. It's always hard to gauge, but I would say it's going to be lower than the 33.5 we've used most of this – for the first two quarters of this year. I would put it somewhere around 32% at this time. So 32% for next year and the fourth quarter, about 30%? Yeah. It could be that low, absolutely. Thank you very much. Thanks Rob. Good morning. You launched into some of the new product descriptions and the hot areas, really sort of some follow-up questions on that and a little more structure. The cell lines in this quarter excluding the ones you couldn't source were up 17%. Right. Were there some underlying fundamentals and trends of specific cell lines and what do you see driving that going forward? Same type of dynamics? Claes? The ones that we were having problem with to begin with, we have put measurements in place to try to solve those problems. In one case, we have secured supplies of podocytes and we expect to be back in business on those before the end of the fourth quarter even though we are not going to get the full-quarter effect because it takes a while to get these things geared up. The other is the H- and K-cells, where we are now – actually have supplied the first shipment and we have a second available and it will be shipped pretty soon. So there availability will be a question, but we expect that to ramp up next year and get back to historical levels. And the question was more directed on the 17% growth in the other lines, were there specific new products or sort of new market demand that's driving that strong growth? Well, there is – a lot of the demand is because we are offering new cell systems and there is a lot of need and a lot of interest in the research market. Also the – some people are using the cell systems to develop their own tox testing. So that has been pulling through the use of those cells. Claes, do you have any other points to add on that? No – it's mainly driven by, as Jim said, increasing demand in the research market where we have a leading position. And we have added to our position by the acquisition of Poetics and we are putting together the assay. So we are also leading the development here. Quick follow-up in the molecular biology. You mentioned you had tried to essentially license or in-source some technology and you've turned to sort of internal development. Was that – you couldn't get it at a price, you couldn't get something that you felt sort of gave you a leading position – what are your thoughts and is there any possibility of end-licensing some good technology in the near future that you are looking at? Yeah, we – the ones we pursued, the prices were way beyond what we could make the numbers work for us. We continue to look for end-licensing capabilities as we've added to our, you know, muscle building our technology force. We are finding new opportunities to do that, but the same capabilities are also allowing us to do more of our own internal development and with a high degree of confidence. So, it is a mixture. You know, if we can find it externally and we can afford it, we'll make the acquisition, and if we can license it, we will do that. You know, the minority investment that we will be announcing, I hope, in a few days is in the direction of accessing new technologies, it's not particular to molecular biology exactly, but it certainly is a model that we feel comfortable with. Good, I mean it seems that the successful companies in this area, you know, are sort of pursuing that path, of open to all options that make sense. Congratulations, thanks. Thank you. There you go, thank you. Okay. It is a follow-up. I wanted to ask about other below-the-line items for next year. If I assume that you get this Biotech acquisition and I assume you make this small minority investment in – but you don't maybe get a cGMP acquisition, what kind of interest expense should I assume for next year, Doug? It would be up modestly to very little really – we are generating free cash flow in excess of the purchase price of the acquisition and you know, our interest rate increase year-over-year is up primarily because of rate increases. So, if you assume we've about maxed out, which may be a big assumption in interest rates, we've right now got the capability. If you noticed on our balance sheet, Mark, we've got almost $60 million, almost of all which is offshore. We are in the process of bringing that back to the US, where we can use it to pay down debt. And that's going to help, even though we have that money invested overall, we can't get as much from investments as it cost us to borrow the money in particularly. I would not look for an appreciable jump in our interest rate next year, maybe you know, a modest amount, but overall, I think we'll probably keep it in the range of what we are paying this year. A separate question. I am a little bit confused by the fact that competitors are under cutting you on price but are based in Europe. I mean after all you've got European operations too; Sweden, Italy, Ireland and Belgium, I think. So, are you specifically referring to products made in the US where you are facing euro-based competition? And are you saying that you can't switch the location of the manufacture quickly enough to match those European-based competitors, because again you have that same advantage too? Well, Mark it's primarily a fact with our U.S. based operations, where we have our entire cost structure in dollars and we are competing against someone who has a cost structure in euros. But there are a few products in Europe where we have chosen to, you know, take the margin improvements that the dollar would provide us and then we've faced some competition lately in Europe that are prepared to accept lower margins as well. The two major products that we referred to in our last conference call, Mark, which was in the x-ray contrast media and the gastrointestinal area. Neither of those, I think primarily because of FDA regulations, would be easily movable to Europe, and therefore the European competitor with their cost base was able to get some of that business. If you believe that the euro is secularly low, does it make any sense to identify opportunities to move products to, or at least identify as a second source internally, European-based operations? Yeah, we are to the extent that we can do that without having any difficulties on the regulatory side, we're looking at that primarily then for Intermediates, Mark, which are not usually covered in the Drug Master Files that we have. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, I think the one – some of these are lower margins to begin with. So, as we have said, I think, before, to go even lower was not attractive to us, you know, the difficulty as we lose a product in $3, 4, or 5 million chunks and we reintroduce new products at $1 million. You know, it's a real challenge to make it up. But, you know, we're overall looking at improved margins on the total business. The other thing is the one bigger product where did shift to a lower cost process, a slicker process, we are able to maintain our margins at a lower price and free up capacity to make new – to make some of these new products without major capital investment, has been a good balance in use of these assets. Okay. Great. Thanks. All right. Two just informational pieces with respect to your lower cost production, could you bring us up-to-date with your activities with trying to access low-cost Intermediates in China? In China? In China. Well, that, we're accessing – we're already accessing low-cost Intermediates in China. We are still in a discussion about our joint venture, but many people who have tried it before told us it required patience, and I think they have proven to be right. We are not going to go in there in with conditions which are anything but the best condition for us commercially and financially and the negotiations are dragging out Allan, but it doesn't really affect very much our ability to source low-cost Intermediates. What it does affect is that we would like to have a Cambrex operation in China, so we can source low-cost intermediates and also do it as a competitive advantage in being GMP in China, and we are also using sourcing from India extensively. So, we are taking advantage of the opportunities to not invest in new capital, but instead farm out some of our early stages of production and thereby keeping our costs down and freeing up capacity in our Western plants. And the other informational part, Jim, with specialty chemicals reporting directly to you and the fine chemicals reporting to Claes, the former manager, John Van Hulle, what's the status there? John has decided that he is going to pursue his other interests. I think, – as we have been cautious about talking about the sale of specialty, you know it makes people nervous and this is one of the fall outs that often happens. So, that's what's going on there, and we, by the way we've promoted several internal fast-track high potential people to some new responsibilities, to continue to build out our management team. Thank you very much. Thanks Allan. A couple housekeeping items. Doug, can you help us understand what the gross margin would have been in human health last year, had it not been for the startup cost in Ireland. I am just trying to see what the – on a pure play basis what the gross margin comparisons are 3Q '99,3Q 2000? Yeah. I would say the startup in Irotec cost us I think in the range of $0.5 million or so. We have improved the product mix there too. So the margins were – the business improved more than that but I would say the startup piece of it was probably about a $0.5 million. Okay. And what's your preliminary guidance on 2001 CapEx and what's it going to be for 2000? Right now I think we are running under the 40 million we have been guiding. So I think we will probably be looking more like 35, 36 this year. I think at least on a first pass basis, we'd use 40 again next year. However I am not aware of any major facility expansions or things which would require say $10 million chunks of capital. So even that may be high but at least to be conservative on a first pass, I'd use that $40 million number which should be well under the 47 or so million we should run in depreciation and amortization next year. And then lastly, you talked about a slowdown in sales of telecom products and specialty chemicals. What are you talking about, encapsulation products, or what are they? Yeah. It was primarily encapsulants. It's – we have also seen – we've had to reduce prices in our Bufferite product line, but the encapsulants is the big area that with the combination with the various Bells that we have had a competitive product used in lieu of ours. How big of a decline was that in absolute dollars and does that continue going forward? It's about $1.5 million in revenue. And that continues? Yes. Although, we are introducing some new products and new packaging that we think will stop that slide and give us a turnaround. But it's a claw your way back sort of business. Thanks. Thank you. Hi guys. When you are looking at cGMP acquisitions that you had mentioned earlier, I am kind of wondering what you are looking for? As I understand it you'd still have – and correct me if me I am wrong, significant capacity at Conti and Irotec to fill. So what would make another cGMP facility attractive and it would be accretive to earnings and if it's not filled to the capacity at the time of the acquisition? Mike, let me take a stab at that. We are looking for business that we can add to our portfolio as well as we are looking for capabilities. If somebody has a unique technology that we still don't have in our very diverse portfolio and wide portfolio, we'd be looking at that too. So there can be a combination of these factors or ... Like chiral, new chiral and chiral tube opps. That's right and – for instance a new way to get to chirality or low temperature or - High pressure. High pressure or high potency products like oncology. There can be a number of factors that we would like to add to our portfolio of capabilities. When you look at the – as a follow-up, when you look at the available facilities out there as a percentage of what you see, are there a good amount of facilities that fit that criteria? If you look at just sort of the big most publicly well known ones that are for sale right now I wouldn't say so. I mean these are more niche acquisitions that we are looking at now. Okay. Thank you. Thanks Mike. And I think I might just add on to that point and if you look at the way we were able to add capacity to our network through the Conti acquisition and getting a large volume of capability in all cGMP at a very modest price that is also accretive. I think that's the model that works well for us. Okay. All right. Thank you very much for all your participation and adhering to our guidelines and we look forward to updating you and reviewing the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Congratulations on bringing the money to the bottom line. Thank you, Allan. Could you take us through by sector – your best estimate of impact on the top line of volume, currency, any acquisitions and divestitures with the remaining obviously being mix and price? Allan I – yeah I think we can as we disclosed in the press release, human health was impacted by almost 6% in currency, very substantial impact. The bioscience arena was about 3.5%, the smaller piece of their business, but they do have BioWhittaker Europe and a piece of the BMA business is also in there. Relative to acquisitions there is a little bit of carryover, probably a couple of million dollars net of inter-company eliminations of shipments from Conti that benefited the human health volume. In terms of the ag/animal health, we had a stronger – a very weak order pattern a year ago, somewhat stronger this year, and we expect that strong order pattern to continue into the fourth quarter. In fact, they have an excellent backlog of orders for ag/animal health. And the specialty and fine chemical arena, primarily down because of the two major product areas. And telecom products continue to be weak. I think in previous calls, we have discussed some of the consolidations going on with the Baby Bells and some business we've lost there. I think it's primarily a function of that and also this particular quarter there is a specialty additive that we sell, that timing on the orders isn't necessarily the business we lost, just customer timing was – there was a couple of million dollars year ago that we didn't get this year, which - Just a partial follow-up to your comment on the fourth quarter, you mentioned strength in animal health. In the human health area are you still seeing heavy competition from Europe due to the low euro and excess capacity there and how might that impact in the fourth quarter? Yeah. I think I might just comment on the fourth quarter and sort of get that all in composite maybe. I think we see the human health sales will be down slightly because we expect the euro translation issue and competitive prices will continue. We also are looking at timing of orders for – a very important new product has moved into next year as we wait for this NDA or new drug application to be submitted. We've been waiting a year for that and that's a frustrating part of the new product activity with the data required by the FDA. But we have developed a new process for one of our most important products to permit us to meet competitive pricing. It reduces the top-line sales but maintains the profitability margin and allows us to overcome that competition. It also – another side benefit of the new process is it's a lot slicker and it frees up some capacity for new products that need cGMP capacity. So – on the other side of that – we in the first quarter we'll, for the first time we'll be shipping several new products and we expect to carry a pretty strong backlog into next year and we can talk about new products later perhaps in response to someone else's question. But I might just on the fourth quarter, just finish that outlook. We are looking at Bioscience to grow at about 5% with some modest profitability increase. The cell sourcing problems are expected to continue into fourth quarter. We have some carryover manufacturing problems in the diagnostic area that we've – should be cleaned up by the end of the year. Also in the area, while we are emphasizing growth in new cell therapy applications and new assay kits like the LumiTech, the LumiTech acquisition will cost us probably a penny a share in the fourth quarter. And then finally in the ag/animal health/specialties, sales should be up along the lines Doug was talking about, about 10%. We have a strong order book for these products, and also the new picolinate and ester products line should both contribute to sales growth and while profits will – are still going to be impacted by raw materials and energy, around 2 million bucks, profitability we expect we'll be up year-over-year. So that's sort of the vision on the fourth quarter. Thank you very much. Good morning. Good morning, gentlemen. I was wondering if you could discuss how long it may take with your current visibility to bring your margins back up to previous levels in the biosciences business. Is that a Q1, Q2 even as it is trending currently? And as a follow-up, any commentary on activity with the specialty chemicals businesses. Relative to the margins in the bioscience arena, we think that right now there is a – it's a function somewhat of product mix Chris, the old traditional cop-out let's say, but third quarter was a not a particularly strong mix. I don't think we are going to see this level. I think we should do better in the fourth quarter and I think next year we will continue to do better. Some of the cost reduction efforts we're making down there will affect above-the-line, i.e. margins, not just below-the-line operating expense. And there is some LumiTech cost. While most of it's below the line, the small acquisition of the new assay testing technology is somewhat impacting above the line also. But, overall, I think margins should get stronger going forward here. Relative to specialty things – Jim? Well, let me just add to the margins issue in that area. One of the things – we are pulling forward very strongly on the R&D projects in the bioscience area. We have a lot of technology that's been brought in that is now being pulled together, integrated and will result in new products that have higher margins. We are emphasizing five key areas in there – certainly the cells, we are working on functional models of barrier cell systems such as intestinal epithelial, a dermal blood-brain barrier, these kinds of things that are very important to the research market. In the second area, molecular biology, we are building up internally our product line in molecular biology, more products for separations of DNA and protein identification, new agarose formats and polyamide-based duramide. In the media, as you know, we are very, very strong in defined media, we are working on new defined media offerings, serum-free formulations and custom services to help other people with their media and cell systems. These are all very high margin. The bioassays, I had mentioned the LumiTech is one. We are developing new, what we call CELISA assay kits using new cell formats for testing other drug toxicities and the viability of cells in apoptosis kits that monitor the programmed death of cells. These are all new and unique offerings to the market. And finally we are the leading offering of endotoxin detection; we are working – we are the only ones that have automated systems in endotoxin, and we are pushing those systems. We are improving the software that runs those systems, we're developing new liquid endotoxin detection standards, and we have a new assay – it's turbidimetric that is required and growing in the markets. So all of those I think are the kinds of things that are going to drive the margins up in the coming year. Okay. On the specialty chemicals side, one thing I should mention is that we have separated fine chemicals from specialty because a lot of the fine chemicals fit better with our pharma and we've put that business under Claes Glassell. I have taken over direct management for the specialty chemicals, and we are at sort of the low point in the profitability – one out of about every four or five years, we are on a down cycle. The interest and inquiries that we've had seem to be over-discounting the margin squeeze that we're experiencing and you know these are good businesses and we're not going to sell them at a low point or sell them at a discount to the real value. So it's something we're looking at everyday, we're reviewing it everyday, we're following it constantly, but our focus really is and must be on our growth areas of the pharma and bioscience. So that's about what I can tell you on the update there. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Chris. Yeah, my question, Jim, is to update us on all three of the things you talked about on the earnings pre-release, you just talked about the divestiture side. Can you update us on the Letter of Intent that I thought you had with respect to buying another biotech business and then you indicated that there was an increased supply of API-type acquisitions, the likes of Eastman to bolster that business, so can you address the other two elements of the portfolio? Okay. Yeah, we have the Letter of Intent and while I had hoped that it would fast-track and we'd have something to announce, we're still in due diligence; it's been a little more complicated as we got into it. It's progressing well and, realistically, it probably won't close until December because we will have to do a Hart-Scott-Rodino filing, but it's coming along very well and the more we learn about it, the more we like it, so I think that's the good part. In the other cGMP areas, and people that are divesting, we are taking a very hard look at these and we've reviewed several and we are in the process of giving an indication of value. So we are trying to balance all the competing demands on our time but they – I think it's too early to tell, we don't have anything definite at this point relative to any of these new offerings on the market. As a follow-up, can you give us any sense at all as to the kind of level of interest you think they are getting, is this going to be a well-attended auction or do you think it's going to be tough because a lot of people are concerned that the bloom is off the rose in this business, so is that getting reflected in the kind of price expectations that the sellers have? That's an excellent question and I don't have a good view on that Mark, we have not been told how many people are bidding and I haven't really seen much, you know, and our own view is, we have a pretty good idea what we think the values are but I really can't comment any further, I don't think. Thank you. One thing that we are working on for ourselves is we continue to look for new technologies. We expect to be able to announce shortly; we have sort of the final draft on some new technology acquisitions – really a minority investment in a high tech company who has product lines and patents that fit beautifully with our PyroGene business and so that's another example of where we continue to try to fill in the matrix through these acquisitions. Okay. Thanks. Thank you, Mark. Good morning and first off, I'll congratulate you as well on an impressive overall EBIT margin expansion despite the challenging external conditions, but in light of Reg SD, I'm finding most companies, yourself excluded until I ask this question, have been providing some, what I'll call qualitative and quantitative guidance on earnings expectations, and I am wondering you did talk about it on a qualitative basis, but would please talk about it on a quantitative basis in terms of expectation for earnings in 4Q 2000 and 2001, Jim? I'll have to ask Doug to help me on that. Jim, I think, relative to fourth quarter, we would, you know, we put out a press release about 3-4 weeks ago that, you know, discussed the range for the year and I think we'll stick with that for now, which I think was fairly definitive in a quantitative way. So, that's nothing new to report there. 2001? 2001 - Well, let me take a shot at 2001 because we are just beginning the budget cycle for 2001. We had a primarily meeting with some of the general managers, we'll be doing on-site and on-location visits over the next 2-3 weeks, but, you know, our sales growth target remains 8-10% and our earnings growth target is 15% year-over-year. We don't expect a significant change in the expenses or the expense landscape other than a small increase in R&D, mostly due to the new technical center and some personnel additions that – where we are filling some openings that we have had really to support lot of these new, exciting product programs. I would say that our kilo labs and pilot plants continue to operate really at an all-time high, and what we are seeing is that our contract research activity is beginning to feed product opportunities for manufacturing into our pharmaceutical cGMP plants. We are finally beginning to see some repeat contract R&D activities and repeat business where we are moving from Phase II to Phase III and on towards people getting ready for approval. So, the line seems to be beginning to tilt up. And some of the new product highlights we see; for instance, there is a new anti-parasitic that we expect to grow from a small base this year to about $6 million. Another advanced intermediate for HIV will grow by about $2 million. And, you know, for us $1 million or $2 million or $3 million of a new product is a big deal. We announced earlier the product for use as biopolymer for contact lenses and stents for this company called Biocompatibles, will be $2 million or $3 million next year. So, we are pushing these on several fronts. The bioscience, where we just talked about margin expansion – you know, the growth there is going to be generated by new business in cells and optimized media system for cell therapy applications. There is a tremendous ground swell of activity coming along in cell therapy, really they are in clinical trials, but it's expanding over a wide range of cell systems. We have a new powdered media plant that will be completed and our cell sourcing problem should be solved. So, we get that nemesis off our back. And we are working on other new cell products including tissue stem cells. I've mentioned the functional barrier model, this is huge and new and extremely creative where you can do these – the barriers in your body for the intestines, for the skin or dermal. Nobody has ever had a blood-brain barrier model to use for research and that as you know when you are trying to treat diseases of the brain, how do you get through. We have these new media kits available, so people can optimize the growth conditions of cells. We can't – we haven't been successful yet in buying more products for a molecular biology pipeline, so we are developing it internally and we've got new products such as cellular DNA arrays that are used for a wide range of detecting events in various biological pathways. We have some other new stable, pre-stained agarose gels that are used for high throughput measuring and identification of proteins. So, you know, the bioassays we've talked about, using human cell-based models that provide excellent relevancy on tox testing or high throughput models for new drugs. So, you know, based on our unique stem cell position, that's a critical technology. We are developing new formats for things like podocytes. which is fat, how do stem cells differentiate into fat cells and how does it differentiate and how do you develop and provide dendritic cells that are used to measure when antigen are present, which antigens. of course. are the things that fight off disease and infections. And we have a new product that we are working on in the medium term for the generation of a new product that's called osteoclasts and these relate to bone and the study of bone resorption. When you want to look at how – what is happening with the skeletal structure, you know, the skeleton turns over about every 10 years, well there is a lot that's not understood about how bone dissolves. Bone is not reabsorbed and we are going to have a new cell system to be able to study medications that impact that. So, these are all things that I think are directed at next year and give us the confidence that we will be able to hit the goals that we lined out. That having been said, I am going to ask for my clarification question which is if we just stick with your 15% year-over-year earnings growth, I don't think you want us walking away from the call just thinking that because on the consensus of $1.86 this year, that would suggest next year's earnings base target that you would be leaving us with is $2.13 which is below the current consensus. Unless, I am missing something your 2000 earnings of $1.86, if that's what your hit there or thereabouts, is artificially suppressed because of all of the problems we discussed earlier on the call. So we should be thinking about 2000 as a bigger number on an ongoing basis from which to apply 15% earnings growth in 2001? Well that's some mathematics that Doug is better at than I am I think. Yeah, it clearly would take more than 15% to reach the current consensus. I would agree with you there definitely Tim, and I think it is a matter as we are going through our budgeting process, we are trying to nail down just how valuable some of these new products and some of these things are. Right now, I think we'd be hard-pressed to give you guidance well above the 15%. I think it's sort of a matter of each analyst having to determine based on what they see in this Company's history as to how strongly we do. But Doug, what I am asking, supposing is, would you agree that the 2000 earnings base from which we're trying to apply 15% is artificially stated lower than it would be in ongoing run-rate had you not encountered a lot of problems. So therefore it's not really a fair comparison? No, that's true. We did not achieve for example the 15% in earnings growth this year because of some of these problems and were we to return to the – to a more constant path, we would be at the higher number Through three quarters, we didn't... Right. Exceed that. So I think - Yeah, through three quarters, we're up about 16% if I recall. Thank you. Hi, Michael. Good morning. You know in terms of the 15% that we're talking about, how important would the first quarter be in achieving that, and my concern is and if you can give us some guidance on the visibility, you have a lot of new products that I would assume would be very important in hitting that type of goal in the first quarter. You had a very, very strong quarter in the first quarter '99. When will you know, will it be maybe end of November, end of December, if these new products will ship and if you don't get them to ship, will those delay in the second and kind of give us that 15% goal a little tougher to grab? It's '99? Well, you're saying we had a first quarter 2000 very strong, Mike? Yeah. I'm sorry. I apologize. I meant first quarter of 2000. Right. We did have a very strong quarter. Well, unfortunately we don't get our budgets calendarized and a lot of information at this stage because we're in a preliminary part of the year. This is Doug MacMillan talking. We really haven't talked to this group about it. I mean I think we will see accelerating benefit through the year and that we're probably – because we had such a good quarter a year ago as you pointed out, the year-over-year improvements should get easier as we get further into the year. Beyond that I don't have a lot of guidance to give you at this time, Mike. Claes? Michael, Claes here. I think it's worth mentioning that we are, as Jim mentioned before, seeing an increased rate of bagging orders for new products and in the fourth quarter we have no less than 13 new products just renovated that we are going to invoice which are brand new products for us and I think what you could expect to see in the future is an increased lumpiness because you start working on the projects, you know, you work for 5-6 months and then you get no revenue until you build and then you get a million dollars but then that goes away for a while. So that makes the prediction all the more difficult, the increased lumpiness of the business. So as a follow-up, these new products are products that you definitely have in the pipeline, nobody else can come in and take them away and if you kind of take a look at the business again on an annual basis versus quarter-to-quarter. If they don't come in the first, there's a good chance that they'll come into the second, third, and fourth and we should kind of take a look at the year for Human Health and Biosciences on an annual basis versus being worried if the fourth quarter doesn't come in as expected. I think that's a good approach. Okay. Thank you. Thanks Mike. This is Robert Ottenstein. A couple of questions. Can you give us a little bit of clarity on numbers like the tax rate which was lower than it had been and the administrative costs which also looked a little bit lower than we had modeled? Sure. On the tax rate, we at this time of year we start to look hard at what our true effective rate for the year is going to be and we just completed a couple of major R&D tax credit projects that yielded almost $600,000 in tax benefit that our previous 33.5% rate hasn't anticipated. So, that we booked in the third quarter. We also look – we will probably have based on our year-end true up when we do that, a favorable to our average rate for next year. So we think that we have got some major positives coming in taxes for the rest of the year. Your other question on administrative expenses, I think here, knowing that we saw volumes slowing, to some degree you can manage particularly in the administrative area expenses. And as we saw, mid-third quarter that things were starting to slow down on the sales volume side, we have done everything we can to manage our variable expenses in this area, and that's why you actually saw a couple of hundred thousand fall in the administrative area and we anticipate continuing that very tight control in the fourth quarter as well, to make sure that we achieve our earnings target. Well, we are also streamlining a number of processes as the rolling out the Roche system and being able to actually, you know, do more with fewer, so that's another piece of it. And what would the guidance be for the tax rate for next year then? Well, let's see – I would say probably in – it may not be quite as good as this year. It's always hard to gauge, but I would say it's going to be lower than the 33.5 we've used most of this – for the first two quarters of this year. I would put it somewhere around 32% at this time. So 32% for next year and the fourth quarter, about 30%? Yeah. It could be that low, absolutely. Thank you very much. Thanks Rob. Good morning. You launched into some of the new product descriptions and the hot areas, really sort of some follow-up questions on that and a little more structure. The cell lines in this quarter excluding the ones you couldn't source were up 17%. Right. Were there some underlying fundamentals and trends of specific cell lines and what do you see driving that going forward? Same type of dynamics? Claes? The ones that we were having problem with to begin with, we have put measurements in place to try to solve those problems. In one case, we have secured supplies of podocytes and we expect to be back in business on those before the end of the fourth quarter even though we are not going to get the full-quarter effect because it takes a while to get these things geared up. The other is the H- and K-cells, where we are now – actually have supplied the first shipment and we have a second available and it will be shipped pretty soon. So there availability will be a question, but we expect that to ramp up next year and get back to historical levels. And the question was more directed on the 17% growth in the other lines, were there specific new products or sort of new market demand that's driving that strong growth? Well, there is – a lot of the demand is because we are offering new cell systems and there is a lot of need and a lot of interest in the research market. Also the – some people are using the cell systems to develop their own tox testing. So that has been pulling through the use of those cells. Claes, do you have any other points to add on that? No – it's mainly driven by, as Jim said, increasing demand in the research market where we have a leading position. And we have added to our position by the acquisition of Poetics and we are putting together the assay. So we are also leading the development here. Quick follow-up in the molecular biology. You mentioned you had tried to essentially license or in-source some technology and you've turned to sort of internal development. Was that – you couldn't get it at a price, you couldn't get something that you felt sort of gave you a leading position – what are your thoughts and is there any possibility of end-licensing some good technology in the near future that you are looking at? Yeah, we – the ones we pursued, the prices were way beyond what we could make the numbers work for us. We continue to look for end-licensing capabilities as we've added to our, you know, muscle building our technology force. We are finding new opportunities to do that, but the same capabilities are also allowing us to do more of our own internal development and with a high degree of confidence. So, it is a mixture. You know, if we can find it externally and we can afford it, we'll make the acquisition, and if we can license it, we will do that. You know, the minority investment that we will be announcing, I hope, in a few days is in the direction of accessing new technologies, it's not particular to molecular biology exactly, but it certainly is a model that we feel comfortable with. Good, I mean it seems that the successful companies in this area, you know, are sort of pursuing that path, of open to all options that make sense. Congratulations, thanks. Thank you. There you go, thank you. Okay. It is a follow-up. I wanted to ask about other below-the-line items for next year. If I assume that you get this Biotech acquisition and I assume you make this small minority investment in – but you don't maybe get a cGMP acquisition, what kind of interest expense should I assume for next year, Doug? It would be up modestly to very little really – we are generating free cash flow in excess of the purchase price of the acquisition and you know, our interest rate increase year-over-year is up primarily because of rate increases. So, if you assume we've about maxed out, which may be a big assumption in interest rates, we've right now got the capability. If you noticed on our balance sheet, Mark, we've got almost $60 million, almost of all which is offshore. We are in the process of bringing that back to the US, where we can use it to pay down debt. And that's going to help, even though we have that money invested overall, we can't get as much from investments as it cost us to borrow the money in particularly. I would not look for an appreciable jump in our interest rate next year, maybe you know, a modest amount, but overall, I think we'll probably keep it in the range of what we are paying this year. A separate question. I am a little bit confused by the fact that competitors are under cutting you on price but are based in Europe. I mean after all you've got European operations too; Sweden, Italy, Ireland and Belgium, I think. So, are you specifically referring to products made in the US where you are facing euro-based competition? And are you saying that you can't switch the location of the manufacture quickly enough to match those European-based competitors, because again you have that same advantage too? Well, Mark it's primarily a fact with our U.S. based operations, where we have our entire cost structure in dollars and we are competing against someone who has a cost structure in euros. But there are a few products in Europe where we have chosen to, you know, take the margin improvements that the dollar would provide us and then we've faced some competition lately in Europe that are prepared to accept lower margins as well. The two major products that we referred to in our last conference call, Mark, which was in the x-ray contrast media and the gastrointestinal area. Neither of those, I think primarily because of FDA regulations, would be easily movable to Europe, and therefore the European competitor with their cost base was able to get some of that business. If you believe that the euro is secularly low, does it make any sense to identify opportunities to move products to, or at least identify as a second source internally, European-based operations? Yeah, we are to the extent that we can do that without having any difficulties on the regulatory side, we're looking at that primarily then for Intermediates, Mark, which are not usually covered in the Drug Master Files that we have. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, I think the one – some of these are lower margins to begin with. So, as we have said, I think, before, to go even lower was not attractive to us, you know, the difficulty as we lose a product in $3, 4, or 5 million chunks and we reintroduce new products at $1 million. You know, it's a real challenge to make it up. But, you know, we're overall looking at improved margins on the total business. The other thing is the one bigger product where did shift to a lower cost process, a slicker process, we are able to maintain our margins at a lower price and free up capacity to make new – to make some of these new products without major capital investment, has been a good balance in use of these assets. Okay. Great. Thanks. All right. Two just informational pieces with respect to your lower cost production, could you bring us up-to-date with your activities with trying to access low-cost Intermediates in China? In China? In China. Well, that, we're accessing – we're already accessing low-cost Intermediates in China. We are still in a discussion about our joint venture, but many people who have tried it before told us it required patience, and I think they have proven to be right. We are not going to go in there in with conditions which are anything but the best condition for us commercially and financially and the negotiations are dragging out Allan, but it doesn't really affect very much our ability to source low-cost Intermediates. What it does affect is that we would like to have a Cambrex operation in China, so we can source low-cost intermediates and also do it as a competitive advantage in being GMP in China, and we are also using sourcing from India extensively. So, we are taking advantage of the opportunities to not invest in new capital, but instead farm out some of our early stages of production and thereby keeping our costs down and freeing up capacity in our Western plants. And the other informational part, Jim, with specialty chemicals reporting directly to you and the fine chemicals reporting to Claes, the former manager, John Van Hulle, what's the status there? John has decided that he is going to pursue his other interests. I think, – as we have been cautious about talking about the sale of specialty, you know it makes people nervous and this is one of the fall outs that often happens. So, that's what's going on there, and we, by the way we've promoted several internal fast-track high potential people to some new responsibilities, to continue to build out our management team. Thank you very much. Thanks Allan. A couple housekeeping items. Doug, can you help us understand what the gross margin would have been in human health last year, had it not been for the startup cost in Ireland. I am just trying to see what the – on a pure play basis what the gross margin comparisons are 3Q '99,3Q 2000? Yeah. I would say the startup in Irotec cost us I think in the range of $0.5 million or so. We have improved the product mix there too. So the margins were – the business improved more than that but I would say the startup piece of it was probably about a $0.5 million. Okay. And what's your preliminary guidance on 2001 CapEx and what's it going to be for 2000? Right now I think we are running under the 40 million we have been guiding. So I think we will probably be looking more like 35, 36 this year. I think at least on a first pass basis, we'd use 40 again next year. However I am not aware of any major facility expansions or things which would require say $10 million chunks of capital. So even that may be high but at least to be conservative on a first pass, I'd use that $40 million number which should be well under the 47 or so million we should run in depreciation and amortization next year. And then lastly, you talked about a slowdown in sales of telecom products and specialty chemicals. What are you talking about, encapsulation products, or what are they? Yeah. It was primarily encapsulants. It's – we have also seen – we've had to reduce prices in our Bufferite product line, but the encapsulants is the big area that with the combination with the various Bells that we have had a competitive product used in lieu of ours. How big of a decline was that in absolute dollars and does that continue going forward? It's about $1.5 million in revenue. And that continues? Yes. Although, we are introducing some new products and new packaging that we think will stop that slide and give us a turnaround. But it's a claw your way back sort of business. Thanks. Thank you. Hi guys. When you are looking at cGMP acquisitions that you had mentioned earlier, I am kind of wondering what you are looking for? As I understand it you'd still have – and correct me if me I am wrong, significant capacity at Conti and Irotec to fill. So what would make another cGMP facility attractive and it would be accretive to earnings and if it's not filled to the capacity at the time of the acquisition? Mike, let me take a stab at that. We are looking for business that we can add to our portfolio as well as we are looking for capabilities. If somebody has a unique technology that we still don't have in our very diverse portfolio and wide portfolio, we'd be looking at that too. So there can be a combination of these factors or ... Like chiral, new chiral and chiral tube opps. That's right and – for instance a new way to get to chirality or low temperature or - High pressure. High pressure or high potency products like oncology. There can be a number of factors that we would like to add to our portfolio of capabilities. When you look at the – as a follow-up, when you look at the available facilities out there as a percentage of what you see, are there a good amount of facilities that fit that criteria? If you look at just sort of the big most publicly well known ones that are for sale right now I wouldn't say so. I mean these are more niche acquisitions that we are looking at now. Okay. Thank you. Thanks Mike. And I think I might just add on to that point and if you look at the way we were able to add capacity to our network through the Conti acquisition and getting a large volume of capability in all cGMP at a very modest price that is also accretive. I think that's the model that works well for us. Okay. All right. Thank you very much for all your participation and adhering to our guidelines and we look forward to updating you and reviewing the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Congratulations, on bringing the money to the bottom line. Thank you, Allan. Could you take us through by sector – your best estimate of impact on the top line of volume, currency, any acquisitions and divestitures with the remaining obviously being mix and price? Allan I – yeah I think we can as we disclosed in the press release, human health was impacted by almost 6% in currency, very substantial impact. the Bioscience arena was about 3.5%, the smaller piece of their business, but they do have BioWhittaker and a piece of the BMA business is also in there. Relative acquisitions, there is a little bit of carryover, probably a couple of million dollars net of intercompany eliminations of shipments from county that benefited the Human Health volume. In terms of the ag/animal health, we had a stronger – a very weak order pattern year ago, somewhat stronger this year, and we expect that strong order pattern to continue into the fourth quarter. In fact they have an excellent backlog of orders for ag/animal health and the specialty in biochemical arena primarily down because of the two major product areas. The telecom products continue to be weak. I think in previous calls, we have discussed some of the consolidations going on with the Baby Bells and some business we lost there. I think it's primarily a function of that and also this projected a quarter there is a specialty added that we sale that timing and the orders as necessarily the business we lost just customer timing was – there was a couple of million dollars year ago that we didn't get this year which -- Just a partial follow-up to your comment on the fourth quarter, you mentioned strength in animal health. In the Human Health area are you still seeing heavy competition from Europe due to the low euro and excess capacity there and how might that impact in the fourth quarter? Yeah. I think I might just comment on the fourth quarter and sort of get that all in composite maybe. I think we see the Human Health sales will be down slightly because we expect the euro translation issue and competitive prices will continue. We also are looking at timing of orders for – very important new products has moved into next year as we wait for this NDA or New Drug Application to be submitted. We've been waiting a year for that and that's frustrating part of the new product activity with the data required by the FDA. But we have developed a new process for one of our most important products to permit us to meet competitive pricing. It reduces the top-line sales but maintains the profitability margin and allows us to overcome that competition. It also – another side benefit of the new process is it's a lot sleeker and it frees up some capacity for new products that need cGMP capacity. So – on the other side of that we in the first quarter vouch for the first time we'll be shipping several new products and we expect to carry a pretty strong backlog into next year and we can talk about new products later perhaps in response to someone else's question. But I might just on the fourth quarter, just finish that outlook. We are looking at Biosciences to grow at about 5% with some modest profitability increase. The cell sourcing problems are expected to continue into fourth quarter. We have some carryover manufacturing problems in the diagnostic area that we've – should be cleaned up by the end of the year. Also in the area while we are emphasizing growth in new cell therapy applications and new essay kits like the LumiTech. The LumiTech acquisition will cost us probably a penny a share in the fourth quarter. And then finally in the ag/animal health specialties, sales should be up along the lines Doug was talking about, about 10%. And we've strong order book for these products and also the new picolinate and extra products line should both contribute to sales growth and while profits will – are still going to be impacted by raw materials and energy, around 2 million bucks profitability we expect will be up year-over-year. So that's sort of a vision on the fourth quarter. Thank you very much. Good morning. Good morning gentlemen. I was wondering if you could discuss how long it may take in your current visibility to bring your margins back up to previous levels in the Biosciences business? Is that a Q1, Q2 as it is trending currently? And as a follow-up, any commentary on activity with the specialty chemicals businesses. Relative to the margins in the Biosciences arena, we think that right now there is a – it's a function somewhat of product mix Chris, the old traditional question, complete let's say but third quarter was a not a particularly strong mix. I don't think we are going to see this level. I think we should do better in the fourth quarter and I think next year we will continue to do better. Some of the cost reduction efforts were – may get down that will effect above the line, i.e. margins not just below the line operating expense. And there is some LumiTech cost while most of it's below the line. The small acquisitions of the new assay testing technology is somewhat impacting above the line also. But, overall I think margins should get stronger going forward here. Relative to specialty things here. Well, let me just add to the margins issue in that area. One of the things we are pulling forward very strongly on the R&D projects in the Bioscience area. We have a lot of technology that's been brought in that has now been put together, integrated and will result in new products that have higher margins. We are emphasizing five key areas in there – certainly the cells, we are working on functional models that vary your cell systems such as intestinal epithelial, a thermal blood brain barrier, these kinds of things that are very important to the research market. In the secondary market of biology, we are building up internally our product line in molecular biology, more products for separations at DNA and protein identification, new Agarose formats and Polyamides based on diamine . In the media, as you know, we are very, very strong and defined media, we are working on new defined media offerings, a stem-free formulations and custom services to help other people with their media and cell systems. These are all very high margin. The bioassays, I had mentioned the LumiTech is one. We are developing new, what we call CELISA Assay kits using new cell formats for testing other drug toxicities and viability of cells in Apoptosis Kits that monitor the program that adapt to cells. Now these are all new and unique offerings to the market and finally we are the leading offering of endotoxin detection; we are working – we are the only ones that have automated systems in endotoxin and we are pushing those systems. We are improving the software that runs our systems, we're developing new liquid endotoxin detection standards, and we have a new assays – its TurboMatrixthat is required in growing in the markets. So all of those I think are the kinds of things that are going to drive the margins up in the coming year. Okay. On the Specialty Chemicals side, one thing I should mention is that the – we have separated Fine Chemicals from Specialty because a lot of the Fine Chemicals fit better with our pharma and we've put that business under cost for sale. I have taken over direct management for the Specialty Chemicals, and we are at sort of a low point in the profitability – one out of about every four or five years, we are on a down cycle. The interest and inquiries that we've had seem to be overdiscounting the margin squeeze that we're experiencing and you know these are good businesses and we're not going to sell them at low point or sell them at a discount to the real value. So it's something we're looking at everyday, we're reviewing it everyday, we're following it constantly, but our focus really is and must be on our growth areas of the pharma and Bioscience. So that's about what I can tell you on the update there. Okay. Thanks. Thanks Chris. Yeah, my question, Jim, is to update us on all three of the things you talked about on the earnings pre-release, you just talked about the divestiture side. Can you update us on the Letter of Intent that I thought you had with respect to buying and other biotech business and then you indicated that there was an increased supply of API-type acquisitions of the likes of Eastman to bolster that business, so can you address the other two elements of portfolio? Okay. Yeah, we have the letter of intent and while I had hoped that it would fast-track and we'd have something to announce, we're still in due diligence; it's been a little more complicated as we got into it. It's progressing well and realistically, it probably won't close until December because we will have to do a hard stuff to redeem our filing, but it's coming along very well and more we learn about it, the more we like it, so I think that's a good part. In other CGMT areas, and people are divesting, we are taking a very hard look at these and we've reviewed several and we are in the process of giving an indication of values. So we are trying to balance all the competing demands on our time but they – I think it's too early to tell, we don't have anything definite at this point relative to any of these new offerings on the market. As a follow-up, can you give us any sense at all as to the kind of level of interest you think they are getting, is this going to be a well-attended auction or do you think it's going to be tough because a lot of people are concerned that the bloom is off the rose in this business, so is that getting reflected in the kind of price expectations that the sellers have? That's an excellent question and I don't have a good view on that Mark, we have not been told how many people are bidding and haven't really seen much, you know, and our own view is, we have a pretty good idea what we think the values are but you know really can't comment any further, I don't think-- Thank you. One thing that we are working out for ourselves is we continue to look for new technologies. We expect to be able to announce shortly; we have sort of the final draft on some new technology acquisitions – really a minority investment in a high tech company who has product lines and patterns that fit beautifully with our business and so that's another example of where we continue to try to fill in the metrics through these acquisitions. Okay. Thanks. Thank you Mark. Good morning and first of all congratulation as well an impressive overall. EBITDA margin expansion despite the challenging external conditions, but in light of SDM planning most companies your sales excluded until I ask this question have been providing some call qualitative and quantitative guidance on earnings expectations, and I am wondering you did talk about it on a qualitative basis, but would please talk about on a quantitative basis in terms of expectation for earnings in 4Q 2000 and 2001, Jim? Also, I have to ask Doug, help me on that Jim, I think, relative to fourth quarter, we would, you know, we put out a press release about 3-4 weeks ago that, you know, discussed the range for the year and I think we'll stick with that for now, which I think was fairly definitive in a quantitative way. So, that's nothing new to report there. 2001? 2001 -- Well, let me take a shot at 2001 because we are just beginning the budget, so I go for 2001. We had a primarily meeting with some of the general managers who will be doing on-site and on-location visits over the next 2-3 weeks, but, you know, sales growth target remains 8-10% and our earnings growth target is 15% year-over-year. We don't expect a significant change in the expenses or expense landscape other than a small increase in R&D, mostly due to the new technical center and some personal additions that – where we are filling some openings that we have had really to support lot of these new exciting product programs. I would say that our key Lab and Pilot plants continue to operate really at an all-time high, and what we are seeing is that our contract research activity is beginning to feed product opportunities for manufacturing into our pharmaceutical cGMP plans. We are finally beginning to see some repeat contract R&D activities and repeat business where we are moving from Phase II to Phase III and on to towards before getting ready for approval. So, the line seems to be getting to tilt up. And some of the new product highlights we see; for instance, there is a new anti-parasitic we expect to grow from a small base yeast nearly about 6 million. Another advance intermediate for HIV will grow by about 2 million. And, you know, for us 1 million or 2 million or 3 million on the new product is a big deal. We now surely have the product for use as biopolymer for contact lenses and stents for this company called Biocompatibles, will be a 2 million or 3 million next year. So, we are pushing these on several fronts. The Bioscience where we just talked about margin expansion --- you know, the growth there is going to be generated by new business in cells and optimized media system for cell therapy applications. There is a tremendous ground full of activity coming along in cell therapy, really they are clinical trials, but it's expanding over a wide range of cell systems. We have a new powder media plant that will be completed and our cell sourcing problem should be solved. So, we get that nemesis off our back. And we are working on another new cell product including tissue stem cells. I've mentioned the functional barrier model, this is huge and new and extremely creative where you can do these – the barriers in your body for the intestines, for the skin or dermal. Nobody has ever had a Blood-Brian barrier model to use for research and that as you know when you are trying to treat diseases of the brain, how do you get through. We have these new media kits available, so people can optimize the growth conditions of cells. We can't – we haven't been successful yet in buying more products for a molecular biology pipeline, so we are developing it internally and we've got new products such as cellular DNA arrays that are used for a wide range of detecting events in various biological pathways. We have some other new stable, pre-stained agarose gels that are used for high throughput measuring and identification of proteins. So, you know, the bioassays we've talked about using human cell-based models that provide excellent relevancy on tox testing or high throughput models for new drugs. So, you know, based on how unique stem cell position, that's a critical technology. We are developing new formats for things like parasites which is fat, how do stem cells differentiate into fat cells and how does it differentiate and how do you develop to provide dendritic cells that are used to measure one antigen that are present with the antigens for certain things that fight off disease and infections. And we have a new product that we are working on in the medium term for the generation of a new product that's called Osteoclast and these relate to bone and the study of bone resorption. When you want to look at how – what is happening with the skeletal structure, you know, the skeleton turns over about every 10 years, while there is a lot that's not understood about how bones dissolves. Bone is not reabsorbed and we are going to have a new cell system to be able to study medications that impact that. So, these are all things that I think are directed at next year and give us a confidence that we will be able to hit the goals that we lined out. Having been said that, I am going to ask for my clarification question which is if we just stick with your 15% year-over-year earnings growth, I don't think you want us walking away from the call just thinking that because on the consensus for $1.86 this year, that would suggest next year's earnings based target that you would be leaving us with is $2.13 which is below the current consensus. Unless, I am missing something your 2000 earnings of $1.86, if that's what your hit there or thereabouts, is artificially suppressed because of all of the problems we discussed earlier on the call. So we should be thinking about 2000 as a bigger number on our ongoing basis from which to apply 15% earnings growth in 2001? Well that's a mathematics that Doug has better answer to than I am I think. Yeah, it clearly would take more than 15% to reach the current consensus. I would agree with you there definitely Tim, and I think it is a matter as we are going through our budgeting process, we are trying to nail down just how valuable some of these new products and some of these things are. Right now, I think we'd be hard-pressed to give you guidance well above the 15%. I think that's sort of a matter of each analyst having to determine based on what they see in this company's history as to how well strongly we do. But Doug what I am asking supposing is would you agree that 2000 earnings base from which we're trying to apply 15% is artificially stated lower than it would be in ongoing run-rate had you not encountered a lot of problems. So therefore it's not really a fair comparison? No, that's true. We did not achieve for example the 15% in earnings growth this year because of some of these problems and we had to return to the – to a more constant half, we would be at the higher number Through three quarters, we didn't... Right. Exceed that. So I think -- Yeah, through three quarters, we're up about 16% of medical . Thank you. Hi Michael. Good morning. You know in terms of the 15% that we're talking about, how important would the first quarter be in achieving that and my concern is and if you can give us some guidance on the visibility. You have a lot of new products that I would assume would be very important in hitting that type of goal in the first quarter. You had a very, very strong quarter in the first quarter '99. When will you know will it be maybe end of November, end of December, if these new product will ship and if you don't get into ship, will those delay in the second and kind of give us that 15% goal little tougher to grab? It's '99. Well, you're saying we had a first quarter 2000 very strong, Mike? Yeah. I'm sorry. I apologize. I meant first quarter of 2000. Right. We did have a very strong quarter. Well, unfortunately we don't get our budgets calendarized and a lot of information at this stage because we're in a preliminary part of the year. This is Doug MacMillan talking. We really haven't talked the group about it. I mean I think we will see accelerating benefit through the year and that we're probably – because we had such a good quarter a year ago as you pointed out, the year-over-year improvements should get easier as we get further into the year. Beyond that I don't have a lot of guidance to give you at this time, Mike. I have Claes. Michael, Claes here. I think it's worth mentioning that we are, as Jim mentioned before, seeing an increased rate of bagging orders for new products and in the fourth quarter we have no less than 13 new products just renovated that we are going to invoice which are brand new products for us and I think what you could expect to see in the future is an increased lumpiness because we stopped working on the projects. You know, you work for 5-6 months and then you get no revenue until you build and then you get a million dollar but that then goes away for a while. So that makes the prediction all the more difficult due increased lumpiness of the business. So as a follow-up, these new products or products that you definitely have in the pipeline, nobody else can come in and take them away and if you kind of take a look at the business again on an annual basis versus quarter-to-quarter, they don't come in the first. There's a good chance that they'll come into the second, third, and fourth and we should kind of take a look at the year for Human Health and Biosciences on an annual basis versus being worried if the fourth quarter doesn't come in as expected. I think that's a good approach. Okay. Thank you. Thanks Mike. This is Robert Ottenstein. Couple of questions. Can you give us little bit of clarity on numbers like the tax rate which was lower than it had been and the administrative costs which also looked a little bit lower than we had modeled? Sure. On the tax rate, we at this time of year we start to look hard at what our true effective rate for the year is going to be and we just completed a couple of major R&D tax credit projects that yielded almost $600,000 in tax benefit that our previous 33.5% rate hasn't anticipated. So that we booked in the third quarter. We also look – we will probably have based on our yearend true up when we do that, favorable to our average rate for next year. So we think that we have got some major positives coming in taxes for the rest of the year. Your other question on administrative expenses, I think here, knowing that we saw volumes slowing, to some degree you can manage particularly in the administrative area expenses. And as we saw, mid-third quarter, things were starting to slow down on the sales volume side. We have done everything we can to manage our variable expenses in this area, and that's why you actually saw a couple of hundred thousand fall in the administrative area and if we anticipate continuing that very tight control in the fourth quarter as well to make sure that we achieve our earnings target. Well, we are also streamlining the number of processes as the rolling out the Roche system and being able to actually, you know, do more with fewer, so that's another piece of it. And what would the guidance be for the tax rate for next year then? Well, let's say – I would say probably in – it may not be quite as good as this year. It's always hard to gauge, but I would say it's going to be lower than the 33.5 we've used most of this – for the first two quarters of this year. I would put it somewhere around 32% at this time. So 32% for next year and the fourth quarter, about 30%? Yeah. It could be that low. Absolutely. Thank you very much. Thanks Ron . Good morning. You launched into some of the new product descriptions and the hard areas, really sort of some follow-up questions on that and a little more structure. The sellings this quarter excluding the ones you couldn't source were up 17%. Right. There are some underlying fundamentals and trends or specific sale lines and what you see driving that going forward? Same type of dynamics? John try to shoot fast. Well, if they want that we were having problem with to begin with, we have put measurements in place to try to solve those problems. In one case, we have secured supplies of parasites and we expect to be back in business on those before the end of the fourth quarter even though we are not going to get the full quarter effect as it takes a while to get these things geared up. The other line break is the ageing K where we are now – actually have supplied the first shipment and we have a second available and it will be shipped pretty soon. So their availability will be a question, but we expect it to ramp up next year and get back to historical levels. And the question is more directed on the 17% growth in the other line with their specific new products or sort of new market demand that's driving that strong growth? Well, there is a – lot of the demand is because we are offering new cell system and there is a lot of need and lot of interest in the research market. Also the – some people are using the cell systems to develop their own tax testing. So that has been pulling through the use of those cells. Fost , do you have any other points to add in that? No – it's Dickey mid-major driven by, as Jim said, increasing demand in the research market where we have a leading position. And we have added to our position by the acquisition of Blarix and if we put it together the assay. So we are also leading the development here. Quick follow-up in the molecular biology. You mentioned you had tried to essentially license or insource in technology and you've turned to sort of internal development. Was that – you couldn't get that at a price, you couldn't get something that you felt sort of give you a leading position you know, what are your thoughts and is there any possibility of in-licensing some good technology in the near future that you are looking at? Yeah, we – the ones we pursued, the prices were way beyond what we could make the numbers work for us. We continue to look for in-licensing capabilities as we've added to our, you know, muscle building our technology for us. We are finding new opportunities to do that, but the same capabilities are also allowing us to do more of our own internal development and with a high degree of confidence. So, it is mixture. You know, we can find it externally and we can afford it, we'll make the acquisition and if we can license it, we will do that. You know, the minority investment that we will be announcing, I hope, in a few days is in the direction of accessing new technologies not particular to molecular biology exactly, but it is certainly is a model that we feel comfortable with. Good, I mean it seems that the successful companies in this area, you know, are sort of pursuing that path, have opened to all options that make us so. Congratulations thanks. Yeah, thank you. Hey guys, thank you. Okay. It is a follow-up. I wanted to ask more about other below-the-line items for next year. If I assume that you get this Biotech acquisition and I assume you make the small minority investment in – but you don't may be get a CGMP acquisition, what kind of interest expense should I assume for next year, Doug? It would be up modestly to very little – really we are generating free cash flow in excess of the purchase price of the acquisition and you know, our interest rate increase year-over-year is up primarily because the rate increases. So, if you assume we've about maxed out, which may be a big assumption in interest rates. We've right now got the capability. If you've noticed on our balance sheet, Mark, we've got almost 60 million, almost of all which is offshore. We are in the process of bringing that back to the U.S. where we can use it to pay down debt. And that's going to help, even though we have that money invested overall, we can get as much from an investment as it cost us to money in particularly cell . I would not look for an appreciable jump in our interest rate next year or may be you know modest amount, but overall, I think we'll probably keep it in the range of what we are paying this year. A separate question. I am a little bit confused by the fact that competitors are under cutting you on price that is based in Europe. I mean after all you've got European operations to; Sweden, Italy, Ireland, and Belgium, I think. So, are you specifically referring to products made in the U.S. where you are facing euro-based competition? And now you are saying that you can't switch the location to manufacturer quickly enough to match those European-based competitors because again you have that same advantage too? Well, Mark it's primarily a fact with our U.S. based operations, where we have our entire cost structure in dollars and we are continue who has a cost structure in euros. But there are a few products in Europe where we have chosen to, you know, take them on in improvements that the dollar would provide us and that we faced some competition lately in Europe that are prepared to accept lower margins as well. The two major products that we referred to in our last conference call, Mark, which was in the x-ray contrast media and the gastrointestinal area. Neither of those I think primarily because of FDA regulations or would be easily movable within to Europe, and therefore the European competitor with their cost base was able to get some of that business. If you believe that the euro is certainly low, does it make any sense to identify opportunities to move products to or at least identify the second source internally, European-based operations? Yeah, we are to the extent that we can do that without having any difficulties on the regulatory side, we're looking at that primarily then for intermediates, Mark, which are not usually covered in the Drug Master Files that we have. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, I think the one – some of these are lower margins to begin with. So, as we have said, I think, before, to go even lower was not attractive to us, you know, difficulty as we lose a product in $3, 4, or 5 million chunks and we reintroduced new products at $1 million. You know, it's real challenge to make it up. But, you know, we're overall looking at improved margins on the total business. The other thing is the one bigger product that where did shift to a lower costs process, or slicker process, we are able to maintain our margins at a lower price and free of capacity to make new – to make some of these new products without major capital investment, has been a good balance in use of these assets. Okay. Great. Thanks. All right. Two just informational pieces with respect your lower cost production, could you bring us up-to-date with your activities that are in access low-cost intermediates in China? In China? In China. Well, that we're accessing – we're already accessing low-cost intermediates in China. We are still in a discussion about our joint venture, but many people have decided to if required patient and I think they have proven to be right. We are not going to go in there in conditions which are anything but the best condition for us commercially and financially and the negotiations are dragging out Allan but it doesn't really effect very much our ability to source low-cost intermediates, what it does affect is that we would like to have a Cambrex operation in China, so we can source low-cost intermediates and also do it as a competitive advantage in being GMP in China, and we are also using sourcing from India extensively. So, we are taking advantage of the opportunities to not invest in individual capital, but instead for a mountain of our early stages in production and thereby keeping our costs down and freeing up capacity in our western plants. And the other information part, was that Specialty Chemicals reporting directly to you and the Fine Chemicals reporting to Claes, former manager, does that holds , what's the status there? has decided that he is going to pursue his other interests. I think, – as we have been cautious about talking about the sale of Specialty, you know makes people nervous and this is one of the fall outs that often happen. So, that's what's going on there, and we, by the way we promoted several internal fast track high potential people to new responsibilities, to continue to build out our management team. Thank you very much. Thanks Allan. Couple of housekeeping items. Doug, can you help us understand what the gross margin would have been in Human Health last year, had it not been for the startup cost in Ireland, I am just trying to see what the – on a pure play basis what the gross margin comparisons are 3Q 99 and 3Q 2000? Yeah. I would say the startup in Ireland tech cost us I think in the range of $0.5 million or so. We have improved the product mix there too. So the margins were – the business improved more than that but I would say the startup piece was probably about a $0.5 million. Okay. And what's your preliminary guidance on 2001 CapEx and what's it going to be for 2000? Right now I think we are running under the 40 million we have been guiding. So I think we will probably be looking more like 35, 36 this year. I think at least on a first pass basis, we use 40 again next year. However I am not aware of any major facility expansions or things which would require say $10 million chunks of capital. So even that maybe high but at least to be conservative on the first pass, idea is that that $40 million number which should be well under the 47 or so million we should run in depreciation and amortization next year. And then lastly, you talked about a slowdown in sales of telecom products and specialty chemicals. What are you talking about in capsulation products and what are they? Yeah. It was primarily in capsules. It's – we have also seen – we had to reduce prices in their buffer rate product lines. But the capsulation is a big area that with the combination of various bills that we have had a competitive product using . How big the decline was that in absolute dollars and does that continue going forward? It's about 1.5 million in the revenue. And that continues? Yes. Although, we are introducing some new products and new packaging that we think will stop that slide and give us a turnaround. But it's a claw your way back sort of business. Thanks. Thank you. Hi guys. When you are looking at cGMP acquisitions that you had mentioned earlier, I am kind of wondering what you are looking for as I understand you still have – and correct me if me I am wrong, significant capacity at Conti and Irotec to sell. So what would make another cGMP facility attractive and it would be accretive to earnings and if it's not filled to the capacity at the time of the acquisition? Mike, let me take you further that up. We are looking for business that we can add to our portfolio as well as we are looking for capabilities. If somebody has a unique technology that we still don't have in our very diverse portfolio and wide portfolio, we'll be looking at that too. So there can be a combination of these factors or one in the loan... Like Chiral, new Chiral and . That's right and – perhaps a new way to get to chirality or low temperature or -- High pressure. High pressure or high potency products like oncology. There can be a number of factors that we would like to add to our portfolio of capabilities. When you look at the – as a follow-up, when you look at the available facilities out there as a percentage of what you see, are there good amount of facilities that fit that criteria? If you look at just sort of the big most publicly well known new therapeutics , right now I wouldn't say so. I mean we'd dither more niche acquisition that we are looking at now. Okay. Thank you. Thanks Mike. And I think I might just add on to that point and if you look at the way we were able to add capacity to our network through the Conti acquisition and bidding a large volume of capability in all cGMP at a very modest price that is also accretive. I think that's the model that works well for us. Okay. All right. Thank you very much for all your participation and hearing to our guidelines and we look forward to updating you and reviewing the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Yes good morning. Morning, Chris. It sounds like you have a pretty strong pipeline going in the pharmaceutical side, so I won't address that point with a question limitation here. One of the big issues is, obviously, is the tax rate and if you could provide some guidance going forward and on some of the issues that affected your tax rate this quarter and what we should look for going forward? Sure, good question Chris. As is obvious from the numbers, we had a 15.5% tax rate in the fourth quarter, which led to a 29% overall rate for the year. The good news is that we anticipate going forward to be able to maintain that 29% at least for the next couple of years. What drove the fact that we dropped it so much from earlier in the year was about three major factors. Number one, we did finalize a couple of major tax audits with the IRS, which were settled favorably for us. Second of all, as it does any Company when you're actually file your tax returns for 1999, you go through a process called a true-up and there we found we have been fairly conservative in our tax accruals relative to expense for '99. And third, we continue to work very hard on our international tax structure and the mix of where we make earnings, again all very legitimate, all supervised very closely by Pricewaterhouse. But when you put the blend of all those factors together, we found we had over-accrued earlier in the year and were able to come in with the 29% rate. But as I mentioned earlier, I think from most of the analysts' perspective, the important news is also that we expect to be able to continue this in future years. Hopefully, rather than having everyone's model go up dramatically, I would encourage that it ensures the range of analyst estimates out there are that much closer. Okay, and if, I may, one clarification? Sure. You noted that your generic business has a pretty solid outlook. Can you just remind us with some of the forays you made into ADHD and other areas, what the generic mix is right now versus innovator pharmaceuticals, and what that might look like by the end of this year? 155-145. We talk in terms of – Ann-Marie Hess is here too – I think our investor relations shows about two-thirds generics and one-third of and I believe with – we've got enough active programs going on both sides. My suspicion is that balance will stay probably pretty much the same this year, would you agree Jim? Yeah. No, I think that's right, they're both growing and the fact that we are able to introduce 11 generics in 2000, I think will be part of the same scene going forward, but the fact that we have full backlog of projects well into the second quarter, many of them for big pharma, will keep the balance about two-thirds, one-third. Claes, do you have comment? I think that's a proper statement. Okay, great thank you. Good morning Tim Gerdeman of Lehman Brothers. Over the past year, Jim you have pretty vocal about the fact that you want to take advantage of getting more of a Life Science type multiple which clearly the Company deserves. As part of that strategy of getting there, you've talked about may be trying to get the company re-categorized, both in terms of the S&P categorization, and SIC code, and also divesting non-core chemical operations. Can you give us an update on your progress in these three fronts and then as a clarification, you did slip in your comments that you expect to enter the generic pharmaceutical market as a manufacturer, so you can clarify that please? In terms of SIC and S&P, we have contacted S&P, and we are working on that to get our classification changed there and also, of course, we will try to reprioritize how we list ourselves from a our 10-K perspective with the SIC codes. We are also looking at our peer group with respect to the proxy statement to get a more life science-oriented peer group as well and of course, there is always – there is a transition here, we have to show both, but all those things are definitely underway and will – you'll see the result as we do our filings here over the next few months. Do, you want to talk on the other issues? Yeah, on the further re-positioning, you know, we are looking at more acquisitions in the life science area and at any one time we have you know 15-20 projects that we are evaluating, some are small technology plays, others are larger. So, that continues to pace you know, as far as the Specialty Chemical businesses, we're probably at the lower point of the cycle on those businesses and I think the value we could receive today is not within the zone we are looking for. In the Bioscience manufacturing, we are – we have been evaluating for over a year different ways to enter the generic manufacturing as well as, by the way, the support of new biopharmaceutical products that are at finishing Phase III clinical trails and we have 2 or 3 asset capabilities that we are studying to determine the right time and value for those acquisitions. The one aspect of those – that type of business is that it's very expensive to have assets on stand-by, so our strategy is to have those facilities available and timed correctly with the right manufacturing opportunity. And as a clarification, you had telegraphed, I believe one quarter ago, that you had a biotech position lined up, is that still alive or is that a dead deal? It's still alive. Through the due diligence process, we have uncovered a number of factors that have created a valuation gap, I think between the sellers and the buyers and we are trying very hard to overcome that gap, and so it's still very much alive. Okay, thanks and congratulations on a very respectable year. Thank you. Thank you Tim Good morning everyone. Good morning. Just a quick question on the sales growth goal 12-15 and 10-12 on the human health and bioscience, is that strictly internal or you looking to get some acquisitions too to get to that goal? No, those growth goals are internal growth goals. Any acquisition would be additive to that. Okay, and as a point of clarification, do you see any, is there any cyclicality in terms of a better first half in those businesses versus a better second half or do you think that it will come in nice and smooth throughout the year? That's always a difficult question. We don't see much in the way of, you know, like seasonality or you know, tied to business cycles as much as it's an inherently lumpy business and you know, for people that have practiced for many years and they know it's lumpy and that you know, we are more consistent on a rolling four quarters or an annualized basis than we are in any one quarter. So, you know, variations that that will happen are more order pattern and certainly in the big pharma zone, we saw last year a number of products in phase III clinical trials that got canceled because of poor clinical trial results. So, you know, those are totally unpredictable, and contribute to some of the lumpiness. The only thing I can say is that we know every year in the third quarter there are a lot shutdowns for vacations, particularly in Europe, and it's becoming more of a pattern in the United States as well. So that historically is – if you look at our third quarter, it's always our weakest quarter. So, to sum that up, basically the backlog in the businesses in human health and the demand you are seeing in the biosciences, whether be it it comes quarter, which quarter it comes in overall, it should hit your goals by the end of the year? Yes. Okay, thank you. This is Bill Teichner. I just had a question, in the press release it talked about a pension adjustment, it did not say how big this was and how much it hurt your earnings, but maybe you clarify that and also did you have a similar sort of adjustment in the prior year? Yes, Bill. No, we did not have – this is related to – actually to two different surplans, and one related – actually goes back to the BioWhittaker acquisition and came up as we had some actuarial work done and it was almost – it was about $350,000, of I would call, totally out of period, but it was true-up they were obliged to do, and the other amount was about $400,000 that we picked up in the quarter. It was applicable to the year, but it's an out of quarter expense. Again, we should have amortized it over the year, it came up when we got the final actuarial report. So there was almost $800,000 of, what I would call, non-period expense in the fourth quarter, which accounts for the bulk of why our SG&A expense is a little higher than normal, particularly G&A expense. So roughly a couple of pennies per share, which is non-recurring, which hurt you? Yes, exactly. Okay, great, thank you. Hi, Bob. Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could just give me a little guidance and help on this. If you look at, you know, just look at the Biotech gross margins jump around a lot, I know there's various mix issues and things going there; just to help me get a handle on this, can you talk about how much of sales in the fourth quarter were eliminated, which I think was one of the factors – how much the media and sera sales were down and what kind of gross margins they have compared to the rest of the business, so I can just get a little better feel for the movement here? Now, if we go through – let me go though some of the key moving parts of sales and then we can talk a little bit about gross margins in biosciences. Currency cost, as we noted about 3.6%. I would say that de-emphasized products being serum and our line of diagnostic products probably year-over-year were down about – cost us almost 9 points of growth or percentage points of increase – negative impact – $1.7 million roughly of serum – serum was down $1.7 million on a year-over-year basis and the diagnostic products, which we're phasing out, were down about $0.5 million, or total impact or about 9%, both of those product areas are fairly low-margin businesses and we're not there, but -- You know, like 30% type margins? Yeah, probably 20-30%, maybe a little lower in some cases in the diagnostic products, in some cases they are almost down to 20. So, they did not, you know, they actually by not shipping them, we helped our gross margin. However, on the other side, some relatively high-margin products in the gel – some gel-bound products, some and liver podocytes some LAL product did not ship, which was lesser in a sales percentage impact of about 6%, but that business – these businesses, by and large, would be well in excess of 50%. So, on balance, the net effect on margins is probably about a wash. But overall you know, there is almost between currency, de-emphasized products and the supply issues, probably 18% or so of what I would describe as issues which if you normalized would put our growth in the core – put us close to double-digits, which is where we really expect this business to be – if that gives you any sense of what happened in the bioscience arena. Yeah, you also mentioned something about weather being an issue, can you elaborate on that? Yeah, what happens is we ship a lot of products – Claes, maybe you would like to expand on that? We are the biggest supplier of normal human cells in the world and those are shipped as live cells and customers – they have limited lifespan and you need to start processing. So customers are reluctant to take shipments when they are afraid that the shipment may end up in the loading dock for a couple of days in freezing weather conditions. And there were a lot of shipment disruptions towards the end of December, which led customers to postpone or delay orders. Okay, so what I am hearing is you got a fair amount of your better business being pushed out to the first quarter? Yeah, right now, it looks like we are off to a pretty decent start. Claes just took a reading yesterday and reaffirmed that because of some of these issues that go into January. Okay, terrific, thank you very much. Thank you, Bob. Good morning, Dmitry. Good morning gentlemen. Most of my questions have been asked, but let me ask you a couple of questions on the animal, ag and specialty business, which nobody has talked about yet. Talk about it. Yeah, the animal business hasn't seen $18 million in annual sales going back to '97. Obviously, this is not a sustainable rate but would you still expect for the business to be relatively flat year-over-year in 2001? And on the fine chemicals business, how much of the 25% decline was elimination of business that you didn't want and how much was the issue of timing and when will it likely comeback? Good question. I would say, you are correct. animal health and ag over a year will be – we just happen to have one particular customer take a lot of product in the fourth quarter in the Ag Intermediates area, but over the year we would expect that business to be flat. Relative to specialty and fine, about $1.6 million of the shortfall is what I would describe as low margin products we phased out of, virtually all the rest – well, I should add encapsulants to that, probably $2.5 million would be products that we probably won't recapture, that aren't order pattern, that is business we have elected to drop. The balance is strictly order pattern. A couple of very major shipments occurred in the fourth quarter in some of these products that did not this year but we still have the business, we still have all of the customers' business and it's just order pattern. So, again, I think we will see at least levels that are comparable in the first quarter to prior – year-over-year should be relatively flat I think in the first quarter, probably maybe up slightly in animal health and ag and probably flat in specialty and fine. Okay. Another clarification question, when you mentioned 11 generic drugs introduced in 2000, or generic products introduced in 2000, is that in addition to the 25 you talked about, or is that including in the 25? That's part of the 25. That's part of the 25. Okay, thank you. Yeah, just some balance sheet questions. First of all, if I take a look year-over-year sequentially at day sales outstanding and at inventory ratios, it doesn't look all that great. Is there something I'm missing perhaps, Doug? Well, on a DSO basis overall there wasn't – and again it's, a couple of large shipments went out right at the end of the year at 2 of our units, but overall most of our units actually had, if you look at the receivables, they are down year-over-year. So, there is absolutely no problem and it's strictly a timing thing relative to receivables. Plus, of course, there was one acquisition, which accounts for about $1.7 million, the Conti acquisition. On the inventory side, again some of it came from our Conti acquisition; some of it is because our raw materials are higher priced, the increase year-over-year, probably $2 million to $3 million; and most of the rest of it was at the pair-up where we have had some manufacturing problems and we've had some inventory build-ups as we try and process material. But again no indication that we have control problems or that we can't slow down our orders to match our demand or our need for raw materials, it's really concentrated in just a couple of places that we are well aware of. As a follow up on the balance sheet, it's clear that you generated substantial free cash flow, paid down debt. Now your debt ratios actually look pretty good. Could you estimate what kind of untapped borrowing power you might have to pursue some of the things that Jim spoke on in terms of strategic acquisitions in both biotech as well as perhaps in cGMP capacity? Sure. Well, as you know right now Mark, we have a $400 million line, which with $170 million of debt roughly we have now, gives us $230 million of capability. We have actually asked that question and of course it all boils down to how much are you willing to pay because, of course, as you increase your leverage, your rates go up. But I think clearly we could borrow $500 million to $600 million on our current balance sheet without a huge increase in rates I'd say. Once you get beyond that you have get into some quasi-equity instruments and some other issues. But I think the overall message is we have got plenty of firepower to buy anything in I would call it the mid-size range out there that we want. Jim? I think that's right and then we actually have a number of companies that – also express interest in taking our stock, if we are able to do a deal. And then thirdly we have the ability to monetize some of the other assets we have to further enhance this position. So, you know, we could do a billion dollar deal, if it came up to us. Okay. Thank you. Hi, good morning. Couple of things, first, media and sera sales as a percentage of the total biotech sales, do you disclose that? No, I don't think so. Do we, Henry? In the K, I guess, we do once a year on an annual basis, and that will be in the K, I actually don't have that with me here, right now. I think it runs roughly to be about half their sales I would say. That's 50%. Including – that would include cell systems as well, not just media and sera, that would be – include all of the cell lines and everything. Media and sera by itself would probably be 20-25%. 20-25%. Probably closer to 20, in fact, if you look at the numbers. Well, that's growing but we are looking at sera not growing, we are looking at other media, liquid media and powder medias actually growing, particularly where it's custom designed for cell systems, either our cell systems or the customer cell systems, so that's an area of focus and you know we have a new capability coming online in Belgium to make more powdered media to serve the European markets. So, selected areas, you know, where we can get the margins that's what we are driving on. In another area, in Specialty gross profits, I think that in the third quarter you guys had significantly more sales in Specialty, but a lot less gross profit. Sequentially I think your sales were down about $3 million or $4 million, but your gross profit was way up, sort of what happened with in the transition from the third to the fourth quarter? I think again it's probably primarily a mix issue. We didn't ship a lot of the products we had in the third quarter that would have made up that difference, were lower margin items that didn't in the fourth quarter, and consequently as you saw the percentage of margin jumped up appreciably. Going forward, you know, last year's first quarter was only 20% in specialty and fine. I would look for us to be probably with a somewhat higher volume or relatively flat, but probably slightly higher margins in the first quarter of '01 in that business area. Just a last question, your tax rate I think fall, you know, something like 100 basis points and I know you are very conservative, Doug, but you know, you said well look I don't really want you to change your estimates, and I don't know off the top of my head maybe that's a dime a share or something like that. So, sort of what's the offset to that? Just trying to keep you folks conservative, I guess, would have to be my only defense, Jeff. Are you sure that's the only one? Okay Thank you. Sure, thanks. Jeff, thank you. Jeff set me up perfectly. If you back out the tax rate from the fourth quarter, the wind was not at your back operationally. It clearly, you've got a lot of new products flowing through and some of the issues are reversing. When you look at the first quarter unfolding is it looking more like the weakness of the fourth quarter or are you getting close to the top line growth goals, you have on a full year and longer term basis? I think our scenario is one of improvement in you know year-over-year improvement growing through next year, you know, the range of analyst estimates out there is from 48, which is what we did last year up to 53 for the first quarter, I think you're one of the more conservatives ones, Allan. You know we look for sales in the human health area to be up, but we still have the euro, is still not back to the levels it was in the first quarter, it's still well below it, roughly $0.935 right now versus almost 99 average for the first quarter a year ago. So we will continue to have a euro impact on our human health sales, and to some extent profitability, but we do look for it to be up, but not at our overall rate for the year. I would say at biosciences, we continue to look at phasing out some of the low margin serum and diagnostic products. We do look for our overall other products to grow in that 10-12 or maybe higher percent, but again we look for increasing momentum in some of those products through the year. SG&A should come back in line. We will get the benefit in the quarter of the lower tax rate, so when you put that all together I think we could say that we are comfortable we will be in the range of analysts' estimate which is a fairly broad, you know, nickel out there, how exactly we come out in that, I think depends, on just some of these factors that have you know, will cell sourcing and some of the other products be, you know, readily available, will raw material costs come down as far as we would hope they would, you know; will energy costs continue to come down; a variety of factors will drive, you know, where in that range we are. Depending on how, so, right today I guess it's a matter of how optimistic or pessimistic you want to be. Thank you very much and good luck on your acquisition activity. Thank you. Thanks Allan. Actually my question has been answered. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, I was wondering on your comments in the outlook for '01. I thought I heard you say raw materials were coming down and energy was coming down, which tense are you using and if so what are your major raw materials that are decreasing in cost? Yeah, they are coming down. Our major raw material is ethylene based, the one that impacts us most and natural gas pricing drives our energy costs in those areas where they are energy sensitive. You know, ethylene has been our – the way it works for us is we have a quarterly average adjustment, so it slow rolls in and ethylene has dropped dramatically in the last month. We won't see the full impact of that probably until late in the quarter or into the second quarter, but those are the two things we see coming down. Great, I am surprised to hear that gas prices are going down. You should tell the people in California. Well, you know, what California ought to do is change the law they passed and pass on the price increases to the consumer that's driving it up. Exactly, thank you so much. Thank you. Just a follow up on the cash flow statement. Can you tell us what the D&A and CapEx were in fourth quarter and what's your CapEx outlook for 2001? Sure, Dmitry. Our CapEx we think for the year came in slightly over $40 million, a little higher than I probably expected, but a couple of major projects wound up so we spent probably about 10 million in CapEx in the fourth quarter, $40 plus for the year. We are looking for around $40 million next year. Our depreciation and amortization came in at $7.4 million. We think for the quarter for another $2.4 million of amortization. Next year our planned depreciation level alone is about 40 million and our amortization is about $9 million. The $40 million could be a little high because typically our units plan to spend more on capital than they actually do and there is planned depreciation of that, so probably more like $38 to $39. The amortization part is pretty well set at $9 million. Great thank you very much. Thanks. Yes. Our friends at FASB in Norwalk, Connecticut, are talking about perhaps eliminating the amortization of goodwill related to acquisitions on a go-forward basis, maybe making that effective mid this year. Doug, have you looked at that, and two if you have, what impact will that have on reported earnings per share for let's say this year of 2001? You know, we've taken a very high-level look at it. As you know, Mark, the $9 million that I am talking about, of course, the vast majority of that would go away. What we haven't really worked through is how to tax effect that because we do have a mix of some of which is non-deductible, all of which would fall through and some of which is deductible, which you have to tax effect, but realistically it would probably add $7-plus million of income to our bottom line. That's in terms of reported income, right – so that'd be about $0.25 a share? You know, something in that range, exactly. It would be a very appreciable help to us if it was retroactive to Jan '01 of course, and there seems to be a lot of questions about exactly how FASB will implement this. Okay, but it would affect reported earnings per share, let's say, for 2002 on a $0.25 per share basis then? Yeah. No, I think that's probably pretty close. We will take a harder look at that in the quarter because it's a good question. Okay, thanks. Thanks Mark. Okay. Well, we thank you all for participating. I know there are other conference calls that people need to listen to, so we thank you for your interest and being with us today. Thank you operator.
Yes good morning. Morning Chris. It sounds like you have a pretty strong pipeline growing in the pharmaceutical side, so I won't address that point with a question limitation here. One of the big issues is, obviously, the tax rate and if you could provide some guidance going forward and some of the issues that effected your tax rate this quarter and what we should look for going forward? Sure, good question Chris. It is obvious from the numbers we have of 15.5% tax rate in the fourth quarter, which led to a 29% overall rate for the year. The good news is that we anticipate going forward to be able to maintain that 29% at least for the next couple of years. What drove the fact that we dropped it so much from earlier in the year were about three major factors. Number one, we did finalize a couple of major tax audits with the IRS, which were settled favorably for us. Second of all, as it does to any company when you're actually filing your tax returns for 1999, you go through a process called the true up and there we found we have been fairly conservative in our tax accruals relative to expense for '99. And third, we continue to work very hard on our international tax structure and the mix of where we make earnings to get all very legitimate, all supervised very closely by Price Waterhouse. But when you put the blend of all those factors together, we found that we had over accrued earlier in the year and we were able to come in with the 29% rate, but as I mentioned earlier I think from most of the analyst perspective, the important news is also that we expect to be able to continue this in the future years. Hopefully rather than everyone's model go up dramatically I would encourage that it serves the range of analyst estimates out there that much closer. Okay, and if I may one clarification. Sure. You noted that your generic business has a pretty outlook. Can you just remind us with some of the forays you made into the ADHD and other areas, what the generic mix is right now versus innovator pharmaceuticals and what that might look like by the end of this year? 155-145. We talk in terms of I think our investor relations shows about two-thirds generics and one-third of and I believe with – we've got our major program going on both sides. My suspicion is that balance will stay probably pretty much the same this year, would you agree Jim? Yeah. No, I think that's right the growth going and the fact we are able to introduce 11 generics in 2000, I think will be part of the same scene going forward, but the fact that we have full backlog project well into the second quarter many of them for big pharma will keep the balance about two-third, one-third . I think that's a proper statement. Okay, great thank you. Good morning Tim Gerdeman of Lehman Brothers. Over the past year, Jim you have pretty vocal about the fact that you want to take advantage of getting more of a life science type multiple which clearly is part of that strategy of getting there, you've talked about may be trying to get the company re-categorized, both in terms of S&P categorization and SIC code and also a divesting non-core clinical operations. Can you give us an update on your progress in this three fronts and then as a clarification you did slip in your comments that you expect to enter the generic pharmaceutical market as a manufacturer, so can you clarify that please? In terms of SIC and S&P, we have contacted S&P and we are working on that to get our classification changed there and also, of course, that we will try to reprioritize how we list ourselves from a our 10-K perspective with the SIC codes. We are also looking at our peer group with respect to the proxy statement to get more life science-oriented peer group as well and of course, there is always – there is a transition here we have to show both but all those things are definitely underway and will – you'll see the result as we do our filings here over the next few months. Do, you want to talk on the other issues? Yeah, on the further re-positioning, you know, we are looking at more acquisitions in the life science area and at any one time we have you know 15-20 projects that we are evaluating, some are small technology plays others are larger. So, that continues a pace you know as far as the Specialty Chemical business is, they were probably at the lower point of the cycle on those businesses and I think the value we could receive today is not within the disown we are looking for. In the Bioscience Manufacturing, we are – we have been evaluating for over a year different ways to enter the generic manufacturing as well as by the way the support of new biopharmaceutical products that are at finishing Phase III clinical trails and we have 2-3 assets capabilities that we are studying and to determine the right time and value for those acquisitions. The one aspect of those – the type of businesses is that it's very expensive to have assets on stand by, so our strategy is to have those facilities available at time correctly with the right manufacturing opportunity. And as clarification, you had telegraphed a quarter ago that you had a biotech position aligned up, that's still alive or is that a dead deal? It's still alive, yeah, through the due diligence process, we have uncovered a number of factors that have created evaluation GAAP, I think between the sellers and the buyers and we are trying very hard to overcome that GAAP, and so it's still very much alive. Okay, thanks and congratulations on a very respectable year. Thank you. Thank you Tim Good morning everyone. Good morning. Just a quick question on the sales growth goal towards the 15 and 10-12 on the Human Health and Bioscience, is that strictly internal or you looking to get some acquisitions too to get ? Now, those growth goals are internal growth goals. Any acquisition would be added to that. Okay, and as a point of clarification. Do you see any, is there any sick propality in terms of better first half in those businesses versus a better second half or do you think that it will come in nice and smooth throughout the air? That's always a difficult question. We don't see much in the way like, you know, like seasonality or you know, apply to business cycles as much as it's an inherently lumpy business and you know, for people who are at practice for many years and they know it's lumpy and that you know, we are more consistent on a rolling four quarters or an annualized basis than we are in any one quarter. So, you know, variations that that will happen are more order pattern and certainly in the big pharma zone, we saw last year a number of products in phase III clinical trials that got canceled because of poor clinical trial results. So, you know, those are totally unpredictable. And contributing to some of the lumpiness, the only thing I can say is that we know every year in the third quarter there are a lot shutdowns for vacations, particularly in Europe, and it's becoming more of a pattern in the United States as well. So that historically is – if you look at our third quarter, it's always our weakest quarter. So, some of that are basically the backlogs in the businesses in Human Health and the demand you are seeing in the Biosciences, whether be it comes quarter, which quarter comes in overall, it should hit your goal by the end of the year? Yes. Okay, thank you. This is Bill Tagnet . I just had a question, in the press release you talked about a pension adjustment, it did not see how big this was and how much it hurt your earnings, but may be if you clarify that and also did you have similar sort of adjustment in the prior year? Yes, Bill. No, we did not have – this is related to – actually to two different surplans and one related – actually goes back to the BioWhittaker acquisition and came up as we had some actuarial work done and it was almost – it was about $350,000, if I would call, totally out of period, but it was through up they were obliged to do and the other amount was about $400,000 that we picked up in the quarter, it was applicable to the year, but it's an out of quarter expense. Again, we should have amortized it over the year, it came up when we got the final actuarial report. So it was almost $800,000 of, what I would call, non-period expense in the fourth quarter, which accounts for the bulk of why are SG&A expense is a little higher than normal, particularly G&A expense. So roughly a couple of pennies per share, which is non-recurring, which hurt you? Yes, exactly. Okay, great, thank you. Hi Bob. Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could just give me a little guidance and help on this. If you look at, you know, just look at the biotech gross margins jump around a lot, I know there's a various mix issues and things going there; just to help me get a hand on this, can you talk about how much of sales in the fourth quarter were eliminated, which I think was one of the factors – how much the media and sera sales were down and what kind of gross margins they have compared to the rest of the business, I can just get a little better feel for the movement here? Now, if we go through – let me go though some of the key moving parts of sales and then we can talk a little bit about our gross margins in Biosciences. Currency caused us as we noted about 3.6%. I would say that deemphasized products being serum and our line of diagnostic products probably year-over-year were down about – caused us almost 9 points of growth or percentage point of increase – negative impact – 1.7 roughly of serum – serum was down 1.7 million on a year-over-year basis and the diagnostic products which were phasing out were down about 0.5 million or total impact about 9%, both of those product areas are fairly low-margin businesses and we're not there, but -- You know, like 30% type margins? Yeah, probably 20-30%, may be a little lower in some cases in the diagnostic products, in some cases are almost down to 20. So, they did not, you know, they actually by not shipping – and we helped our gross margin. However, on the other side, there are some relatively high margin products in the gel – some gel-bound products, some and fetal-liver parasites, some LAL product did not ship, which was lesser in a sales percentage impact of about 6%, but that business – these businesses by and large are low in access of 50%. So, on balance, the net effect on margins is probably about 1 . But overall you know, there is almost between currency, the emphasized products, and the supply issues, probably 18% or so of what I would describe as issues which if you normalized would put our growth in the core – put us close to double-digits which is where we really expect this business to be. I think it gave you a sense of what happened in the Bioscience arena. Yeah, you also mentioned something about weather being an issue, can you elaborate on that? Yeah, what happens is we ship a lot of products – Claes, may be you would like to explain on that? We are the biggest supplier of normal human cells in the world and those are shipped as live cells and customers – they have limited lifespan, they are store – and it's store processing. So customers are reluctant to take shipments when they are afraid that the shipment may end up in the loading bout for a couple of date in freezing weather conditions. And there were a lot of shipment disruptions towards the end of December, which led customers to postpone or delay orders. Okay, so what I am hearing is you have got a fair amount of your better business being pushed out to the first quarter? Yeah, right now, it looks like we are off to a pretty decent start. Claes just took a reading yesterday and that reaffirmed that because of some of these issues that go in to January. Okay, terrific, thank you very much. Thank you Bob. Good morning Dmetri. Good morning gentlemen. Most of my questions have been asked, but let me ask you a couple of questions on the animal, Ag and Specialty business, which nobody has talked about yet. Talked about it. Yeah, the animal business having seen $80 million in annual sales going back to '97. Obviously, this is not a sustainable rate but would you still expect this business to be relatively flat year-over-year in 2001? And on the Fine Chemicals business, how much of the 25% decline was elimination of business that you didn't want and how much was the issue of timing and when would likely to comeback? Good question. I would say, you are correct. Animal Health and Ag over a year will be – we just happen to have one particular customer take a lot of product in the fourth quarter in the Ag and immediates area, but over the year we would expect that business to be flat. Relative to Specialty and Fine, about 1.6 million of the short-fall is what I would describe as low margin products we phased out of, virtually all the rest – well, actually adding to that probably 2.5 million would be products that we probably won't recapture, that our order pattern in this business we have elected to drop. The balance is strictly order pattern. A couple of very major shipments occurred in the fourth quarter in some of these products that are not this year but we still have the business, we still all the customer business and it's just order pattern. So, again, I think we will see at least levels that are comparable in the first quarter to prior – year-over-year should be relatively flat I think in the first quarter, probably may be up slightly in Animal Health and Ag and probably flat and Specialty and Fine. Okay. Another clarification question, when you mentioned 11 generic drugs introduced in 2000 or generic product introduced in 2000, is that an addition to the 25 you have talk about or is that including in the 25? As part of the 25. As part of the 25. Okay, thank you. Yeah, just some balance sheet questions. First of all, if I take a look at year-over-year sequentially day sales outstanding and inventory ratios, it doesn't look all that great. Is there something I missing perhaps, Doug? Well, on a DSO basis overall there wasn't – and again it's a couple of large shipments went out right at the end of the year at 2 of our units, but overall most of our units actually had to, if you look at the receivables, they are down year-over-year. So, there is absolutely no problem and it's strictly a timing thing relative to receivables. Plus, of course, there was one acquisition, which accounts for about 1.7 million the Conti acquisition. On the inventory side, again some of it came from our Conti acquisition; some of it is because our raw materials are higher priced, the increase year-over-year probably 2-3 million; and most of the rest of it was at where we have had the manufacturing problems and we had some inventory build ups as we try and process material. But again no indication that we have control problems or that we can't slow down our orders to match our demand or our need for raw material, it's really concentrated in just couple of places that we are well aware of. As a follow up on the balance sheet, it's clear that you generated substantial free cash flow, paid down debt. Now your debt ratios actually look pretty good. Could you estimate what kind of borrowing power you might have to pursue some of the things that Jim spoken on in terms of strategic acquisitions in both Biotech as well as perhaps in CGNT capacity? Sure. Well, as you know right now Mark, we have $400 million line, which with 170 million of debt roughly we have now, I guess it is 230 million of capability. We have actually asked that question and of course it all boils down to how much are you willing to pay because, of course, as you increase your leverage, your rates go up. And I think clearly we could borrow 500-600 million on our current balance sheet without a huge increase on rate side and say, once you get beyond that you have get into some clause (i) equity instruments and some other issues. But I think the overall message is we have got plenty of firepower to buy anything and I would call it the mid-size range out there if we want. Jim. I think that's right and we actually have a number of companies that – also in our best interest and taking our stock, if we are able to do a deal. And we have the ability to monetize some of the other assets we have to further enhance this position. So, you know, we could do a billion dollar deal, if it came up to us. Okay. Thank you. Hi, good morning. Couple of things, first, media and sera sales as a percentage of the total Biotech sales, did you disclose that? No, I don't think so. Do we, Henry? In the K, I guess, we do once a year on an annual basis, and that will be in the K and I actually don't have that with me here, right now. I think it runs a roughly to be about half their sales I would say. That's 50%. Including – that would include cell systems as well, that's just media and sera that would be – including all of the cell lines and everything, media and sera it would probably be 20-25%. 20-25%, I am closer to 20, in fact, if you look at the numbers? Well, that's growing but well we are looking at not growing, we are looking at other media, liquid media and powder medias actually growing, particularly where it's custom designed for cell system either our cell system or the customer cell system, so that's an area of focus and you know we have a new capability coming online in Belgium to make more powdered media to serve the European markets. So, selected areas, you know, where we can get the margins that's what we are driving on. In another area, in Specialty gross profits, I think that in the third quarter you guys had significant more sales in Specialty, but a lot less gross profit and sequentially I think your sales were down about $3 or $4 million, but your gross profit way up sort of what happened in the third and the fourth quarter? I think again it's probably primarily a mix issue. We didn't ship a lot of the products we had in the third quarter that would have made up that difference where lower margin item that didn't ship in the fourth quarter and consequently as you saw the percentage of margin jump up appreciably. Going forward, you know, last year's first quarter was only 20% Specialty and Fine, that would look for us to be probably some of the higher volume or relatively flat, but probably slightly higher margins in the first quarter of '01 in that business area. Just last question, your tax rate I think fall, you know, something like 100 basis points and I know you are very conservative. Doug, but you know, you said well look I don't really want you to change for estimates, and I don't know off the top of my head may be that's a dime a share or something like that. So, sort of what's the offset for that? Just trying to keep you folks conservative, I guess, we have to be in my only defense Jim . Are you sure that's the only one okay? Thank you. Sure thanks. Yes thank you. Jim set me up perfectly. If you back out the tax rate from the fourth quarter, the wind was not at your back operationally. It clearly got a lot of new products flowing through and some of the issues are reversing when you look at the first quarter unfolding is it looking more like the weakness of the fourth quarter or are you getting close to the top line growth goals, you have on a full year and longer term basis? I think our scenario is one of improvement in you know year-over-year improvement growing through next year, you know, the range of analyst estimates out there is from 48, which is what we did last year up to 53 for the first quarter, I think more conservatives ones, Allan. You know we look for sales in the Human Health area to be up, but we still have the euro, it's still not back to the levels that was in the first quarter, it's still well below at roughly $0.935 right now versus some of 99 average for the first quarter a year. So we will continue to have a euro impact on our Human Health sales, and to some extent profitability but we do look for it to be up, but not at our overall rate for the year. I would say at Biosciences, we continue to look at phasing out some of the low margin serum and a diagnostic products. We do look for our overall other products to grow in that 10-12 or maybe higher percent but again we look for increasing momentum of some of those products through the year. SG&A should come back in line. We will get the benefit in the quarter of the lower tax rate so when you put that all together I think we could say that we are comfortable. We will be in the range of analysts' estimate which is a fairly broad, you know, nickel out there, how exactly we come out of that, I think depends, on just some of these factors says that have brought you know well cell sourcing and some of the other products be, you know, readily available, will raw material cost come down as far as we would hope they would, you know; will energy cost continue to come down; a variety of factors will drive. You know, we are in that range, we are as to depending on how. So, right today I guess it's a matter of how optimistic or pessimistic you want to be. Thank you very much and good luck on your acquisition activities. Thank you. Thanks Allan. Actually my question has been answered. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, I was wondering on your comments in the outlook for '01. I thought I heard you say raw materials were coming down and energy was coming down, which are you using and if so what are your major raw materials that are decreasing in cost? Yeah, they are coming down. Our major raw material is ethylene based, the one that impacts us most and the natural gas pricing drives our energy cost in those areas where they are energy sensitive. You know, ethylene has been our – the way it works for us is we have a quarterly average adjustment, so it slow rolls in and ethylene has dropped dramatically in the last month. We won't see the full impact of that probably until late in the quarter or end of the second quarter, but those are the two things we see coming down. Great, I am surprised to hear that gas price is going down. You should tell the people in California. Well, you know, what California ought to do is change the law they passed and pass on the price increases to the consumer that's driving it up. Exactly, thank you so much. Thank you. Just a follow up on the cash flow statement. Can you tell us what the D&A and CapEx were in fourth quarter and what's your CapEx outlook for 2001? Sure, Dmetri. Our CapEx we think for the year came in slightly over 40 million, a little higher than I probably expect. There are a couple of major projects wound up so we expect probably about 10 million in CapEx in the fourth quarter, 40 plus for the year. We are looking for around 40 million next year. Our depreciation and amortization came in at 7.4 million. We think for the quarter was another 2.4 million of amortization. Next year our planned depreciation level alone is about 40 million and our amortization is about 9 million. The 40 million could be a little high because typically our units plan to spend more on capital than they actually do and there is plant depreciation of that, so probably more like 38-39. The amortization part is pretty well set at 9 million. Great thank you very much. Thanks. Yes. Our friends at FASB in Norwalk are talking about perhaps eliminating the amortization of goodwill related to acquisitions on a go-forward basis, may be making that effective this year. Doug, have you looked at that and two if you have, what impact will that have on reported earnings per share for let's say this year of 2001? You know, we've taken a very high level look at it. As you know Mark, the 9 million that I am talking about, of course, vast majority of that would go away. What we haven't really worked through is how to tax effect that because we do have a mix and some of which is non-deductible, all of which would fall through and some of which is deductible, which you have the tax effect but realistically it would probably add 7 plus million of income to our bottom-line. It is in terms of reported income right, so that's be about $0.25 a share? You know, something in that range, exactly. It would be a very appreciable help to us. FASB was retroactive to Jan '01 of course and since we have a lot of questions about exactly how FASB will implement it. Okay, but it would affect the reported earnings per share, let's say, for 2002 on the $0.25 per share basis there? Yeah. No, I think that's probably pretty close. We will take a harder look at that in the quarter but it's a good question. Okay, thanks. Thanks Mark. Okay. Well, we thank you all for participating. I know there are other conference calls that people need to listen to, so we thank you for your interest and being with us today. Thank you operator.
Yes good morning. Morning, Chris. It sounds like you have a pretty strong pipeline going in the pharmaceutical side, so I won't address that point with a question limitation here. One of the big issues is, obviously, is the tax rate and if you could provide some guidance going forward and on some of the issues that affected your tax rate this quarter and what we should look for going forward? Sure, good question Chris. As is obvious from the numbers, we had a 15.5% tax rate in the fourth quarter, which led to a 29% overall rate for the year. The good news is that we anticipate going forward to be able to maintain that 29% at least for the next couple of years. What drove the fact that we dropped it so much from earlier in the year was about three major factors. Number one, we did finalize a couple of major tax audits with the IRS, which were settled favorably for us. Second of all, as it does any Company when you're actually file your tax returns for 1999, you go through a process called a true-up and there we found we have been fairly conservative in our tax accruals relative to expense for '99. And third, we continue to work very hard on our international tax structure and the mix of where we make earnings, again all very legitimate, all supervised very closely by Pricewaterhouse. But when you put the blend of all those factors together, we found we had over-accrued earlier in the year and were able to come in with the 29% rate. But as I mentioned earlier, I think from most of the analysts' perspective, the important news is also that we expect to be able to continue this in future years. Hopefully, rather than having everyone's model go up dramatically, I would encourage that it ensures the range of analyst estimates out there are that much closer. Okay, and if, I may, one clarification? Sure. You noted that your generic business has a pretty solid outlook. Can you just remind us with some of the forays you made into ADHD and other areas, what the generic mix is right now versus innovator pharmaceuticals, and what that might look like by the end of this year? 155-145. We talk in terms of – Ann-Marie Hess is here too – I think our investor relations shows about two-thirds generics and one-third of and I believe with – we've got enough active programs going on both sides. My suspicion is that balance will stay probably pretty much the same this year, would you agree Jim? Yeah. No, I think that's right, they're both growing and the fact that we are able to introduce 11 generics in 2000, I think will be part of the same scene going forward, but the fact that we have full backlog of projects well into the second quarter, many of them for big pharma, will keep the balance about two-thirds, one-third. Claes, do you have comment? I think that's a proper statement. Okay, great thank you. Good morning Tim Gerdeman of Lehman Brothers. Over the past year, Jim you have pretty vocal about the fact that you want to take advantage of getting more of a Life Science type multiple which clearly the Company deserves. As part of that strategy of getting there, you've talked about may be trying to get the company re-categorized, both in terms of the S&P categorization, and SIC code, and also divesting non-core chemical operations. Can you give us an update on your progress in these three fronts and then as a clarification, you did slip in your comments that you expect to enter the generic pharmaceutical market as a manufacturer, so you can clarify that please? In terms of SIC and S&P, we have contacted S&P, and we are working on that to get our classification changed there and also, of course, we will try to reprioritize how we list ourselves from a our 10-K perspective with the SIC codes. We are also looking at our peer group with respect to the proxy statement to get a more life science-oriented peer group as well and of course, there is always – there is a transition here, we have to show both, but all those things are definitely underway and will – you'll see the result as we do our filings here over the next few months. Do, you want to talk on the other issues? Yeah, on the further re-positioning, you know, we are looking at more acquisitions in the life science area and at any one time we have you know 15-20 projects that we are evaluating, some are small technology plays, others are larger. So, that continues to pace you know, as far as the Specialty Chemical businesses, we're probably at the lower point of the cycle on those businesses and I think the value we could receive today is not within the zone we are looking for. In the Bioscience manufacturing, we are – we have been evaluating for over a year different ways to enter the generic manufacturing as well as, by the way, the support of new biopharmaceutical products that are at finishing Phase III clinical trails and we have 2 or 3 asset capabilities that we are studying to determine the right time and value for those acquisitions. The one aspect of those – that type of business is that it's very expensive to have assets on stand-by, so our strategy is to have those facilities available and timed correctly with the right manufacturing opportunity. And as a clarification, you had telegraphed, I believe one quarter ago, that you had a biotech position lined up, is that still alive or is that a dead deal? It's still alive. Through the due diligence process, we have uncovered a number of factors that have created a valuation gap, I think between the sellers and the buyers and we are trying very hard to overcome that gap, and so it's still very much alive. Okay, thanks and congratulations on a very respectable year. Thank you. Thank you Tim Good morning everyone. Good morning. Just a quick question on the sales growth goal 12-15 and 10-12 on the human health and bioscience, is that strictly internal or you looking to get some acquisitions too to get to that goal? No, those growth goals are internal growth goals. Any acquisition would be additive to that. Okay, and as a point of clarification, do you see any, is there any cyclicality in terms of a better first half in those businesses versus a better second half or do you think that it will come in nice and smooth throughout the year? That's always a difficult question. We don't see much in the way of, you know, like seasonality or you know, tied to business cycles as much as it's an inherently lumpy business and you know, for people that have practiced for many years and they know it's lumpy and that you know, we are more consistent on a rolling four quarters or an annualized basis than we are in any one quarter. So, you know, variations that that will happen are more order pattern and certainly in the big pharma zone, we saw last year a number of products in phase III clinical trials that got canceled because of poor clinical trial results. So, you know, those are totally unpredictable, and contribute to some of the lumpiness. The only thing I can say is that we know every year in the third quarter there are a lot shutdowns for vacations, particularly in Europe, and it's becoming more of a pattern in the United States as well. So that historically is – if you look at our third quarter, it's always our weakest quarter. So, to sum that up, basically the backlog in the businesses in human health and the demand you are seeing in the biosciences, whether be it it comes quarter, which quarter it comes in overall, it should hit your goals by the end of the year? Yes. Okay, thank you. This is Bill Teichner. I just had a question, in the press release it talked about a pension adjustment, it did not say how big this was and how much it hurt your earnings, but maybe you clarify that and also did you have a similar sort of adjustment in the prior year? Yes, Bill. No, we did not have – this is related to – actually to two different surplans, and one related – actually goes back to the BioWhittaker acquisition and came up as we had some actuarial work done and it was almost – it was about $350,000, of I would call, totally out of period, but it was true-up they were obliged to do, and the other amount was about $400,000 that we picked up in the quarter. It was applicable to the year, but it's an out of quarter expense. Again, we should have amortized it over the year, it came up when we got the final actuarial report. So there was almost $800,000 of, what I would call, non-period expense in the fourth quarter, which accounts for the bulk of why our SG&A expense is a little higher than normal, particularly G&A expense. So roughly a couple of pennies per share, which is non-recurring, which hurt you? Yes, exactly. Okay, great, thank you. Hi, Bob. Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could just give me a little guidance and help on this. If you look at, you know, just look at the Biotech gross margins jump around a lot, I know there's various mix issues and things going there; just to help me get a handle on this, can you talk about how much of sales in the fourth quarter were eliminated, which I think was one of the factors – how much the media and sera sales were down and what kind of gross margins they have compared to the rest of the business, so I can just get a little better feel for the movement here? Now, if we go through – let me go though some of the key moving parts of sales and then we can talk a little bit about gross margins in biosciences. Currency cost, as we noted about 3.6%. I would say that de-emphasized products being serum and our line of diagnostic products probably year-over-year were down about – cost us almost 9 points of growth or percentage points of increase – negative impact – $1.7 million roughly of serum – serum was down $1.7 million on a year-over-year basis and the diagnostic products, which we're phasing out, were down about $0.5 million, or total impact or about 9%, both of those product areas are fairly low-margin businesses and we're not there, but -- You know, like 30% type margins? Yeah, probably 20-30%, maybe a little lower in some cases in the diagnostic products, in some cases they are almost down to 20. So, they did not, you know, they actually by not shipping them, we helped our gross margin. However, on the other side, some relatively high-margin products in the gel – some gel-bound products, some and liver podocytes some LAL product did not ship, which was lesser in a sales percentage impact of about 6%, but that business – these businesses, by and large, would be well in excess of 50%. So, on balance, the net effect on margins is probably about a wash. But overall you know, there is almost between currency, de-emphasized products and the supply issues, probably 18% or so of what I would describe as issues which if you normalized would put our growth in the core – put us close to double-digits, which is where we really expect this business to be – if that gives you any sense of what happened in the bioscience arena. Yeah, you also mentioned something about weather being an issue, can you elaborate on that? Yeah, what happens is we ship a lot of products – Claes, maybe you would like to expand on that? We are the biggest supplier of normal human cells in the world and those are shipped as live cells and customers – they have limited lifespan and you need to start processing. So customers are reluctant to take shipments when they are afraid that the shipment may end up in the loading dock for a couple of days in freezing weather conditions. And there were a lot of shipment disruptions towards the end of December, which led customers to postpone or delay orders. Okay, so what I am hearing is you got a fair amount of your better business being pushed out to the first quarter? Yeah, right now, it looks like we are off to a pretty decent start. Claes just took a reading yesterday and reaffirmed that because of some of these issues that go into January. Okay, terrific, thank you very much. Thank you, Bob. Good morning, Dmitry. Good morning gentlemen. Most of my questions have been asked, but let me ask you a couple of questions on the animal, ag and specialty business, which nobody has talked about yet. Talk about it. Yeah, the animal business hasn't seen $18 million in annual sales going back to '97. Obviously, this is not a sustainable rate but would you still expect for the business to be relatively flat year-over-year in 2001? And on the fine chemicals business, how much of the 25% decline was elimination of business that you didn't want and how much was the issue of timing and when will it likely comeback? Good question. I would say, you are correct. animal health and ag over a year will be – we just happen to have one particular customer take a lot of product in the fourth quarter in the Ag Intermediates area, but over the year we would expect that business to be flat. Relative to specialty and fine, about $1.6 million of the shortfall is what I would describe as low margin products we phased out of, virtually all the rest – well, I should add encapsulants to that, probably $2.5 million would be products that we probably won't recapture, that aren't order pattern, that is business we have elected to drop. The balance is strictly order pattern. A couple of very major shipments occurred in the fourth quarter in some of these products that did not this year but we still have the business, we still have all of the customers' business and it's just order pattern. So, again, I think we will see at least levels that are comparable in the first quarter to prior – year-over-year should be relatively flat I think in the first quarter, probably maybe up slightly in animal health and ag and probably flat in specialty and fine. Okay. Another clarification question, when you mentioned 11 generic drugs introduced in 2000, or generic products introduced in 2000, is that in addition to the 25 you talked about, or is that including in the 25? That's part of the 25. That's part of the 25. Okay, thank you. Yeah, just some balance sheet questions. First of all, if I take a look year-over-year sequentially at day sales outstanding and at inventory ratios, it doesn't look all that great. Is there something I'm missing perhaps, Doug? Well, on a DSO basis overall there wasn't – and again it's, a couple of large shipments went out right at the end of the year at 2 of our units, but overall most of our units actually had, if you look at the receivables, they are down year-over-year. So, there is absolutely no problem and it's strictly a timing thing relative to receivables. Plus, of course, there was one acquisition, which accounts for about $1.7 million, the Conti acquisition. On the inventory side, again some of it came from our Conti acquisition; some of it is because our raw materials are higher priced, the increase year-over-year, probably $2 million to $3 million; and most of the rest of it was at the pair-up where we have had some manufacturing problems and we've had some inventory build-ups as we try and process material. But again no indication that we have control problems or that we can't slow down our orders to match our demand or our need for raw materials, it's really concentrated in just a couple of places that we are well aware of. As a follow up on the balance sheet, it's clear that you generated substantial free cash flow, paid down debt. Now your debt ratios actually look pretty good. Could you estimate what kind of untapped borrowing power you might have to pursue some of the things that Jim spoke on in terms of strategic acquisitions in both biotech as well as perhaps in cGMP capacity? Sure. Well, as you know right now Mark, we have a $400 million line, which with $170 million of debt roughly we have now, gives us $230 million of capability. We have actually asked that question and of course it all boils down to how much are you willing to pay because, of course, as you increase your leverage, your rates go up. But I think clearly we could borrow $500 million to $600 million on our current balance sheet without a huge increase in rates I'd say. Once you get beyond that you have get into some quasi-equity instruments and some other issues. But I think the overall message is we have got plenty of firepower to buy anything in I would call it the mid-size range out there that we want. Jim? I think that's right and then we actually have a number of companies that – also express interest in taking our stock, if we are able to do a deal. And then thirdly we have the ability to monetize some of the other assets we have to further enhance this position. So, you know, we could do a billion dollar deal, if it came up to us. Okay. Thank you. Hi, good morning. Couple of things, first, media and sera sales as a percentage of the total biotech sales, do you disclose that? No, I don't think so. Do we, Henry? In the K, I guess, we do once a year on an annual basis, and that will be in the K, I actually don't have that with me here, right now. I think it runs roughly to be about half their sales I would say. That's 50%. Including – that would include cell systems as well, not just media and sera, that would be – include all of the cell lines and everything. Media and sera by itself would probably be 20-25%. 20-25%. Probably closer to 20, in fact, if you look at the numbers. Well, that's growing but we are looking at sera not growing, we are looking at other media, liquid media and powder medias actually growing, particularly where it's custom designed for cell systems, either our cell systems or the customer cell systems, so that's an area of focus and you know we have a new capability coming online in Belgium to make more powdered media to serve the European markets. So, selected areas, you know, where we can get the margins that's what we are driving on. In another area, in Specialty gross profits, I think that in the third quarter you guys had significantly more sales in Specialty, but a lot less gross profit. Sequentially I think your sales were down about $3 million or $4 million, but your gross profit was way up, sort of what happened with in the transition from the third to the fourth quarter? I think again it's probably primarily a mix issue. We didn't ship a lot of the products we had in the third quarter that would have made up that difference, were lower margin items that didn't in the fourth quarter, and consequently as you saw the percentage of margin jumped up appreciably. Going forward, you know, last year's first quarter was only 20% in specialty and fine. I would look for us to be probably with a somewhat higher volume or relatively flat, but probably slightly higher margins in the first quarter of '01 in that business area. Just a last question, your tax rate I think fall, you know, something like 100 basis points and I know you are very conservative, Doug, but you know, you said well look I don't really want you to change your estimates, and I don't know off the top of my head maybe that's a dime a share or something like that. So, sort of what's the offset to that? Just trying to keep you folks conservative, I guess, would have to be my only defense, Jeff. Are you sure that's the only one? Okay Thank you. Sure, thanks. Jeff, thank you. Jeff set me up perfectly. If you back out the tax rate from the fourth quarter, the wind was not at your back operationally. It clearly, you've got a lot of new products flowing through and some of the issues are reversing. When you look at the first quarter unfolding is it looking more like the weakness of the fourth quarter or are you getting close to the top line growth goals, you have on a full year and longer term basis? I think our scenario is one of improvement in you know year-over-year improvement growing through next year, you know, the range of analyst estimates out there is from 48, which is what we did last year up to 53 for the first quarter, I think you're one of the more conservatives ones, Allan. You know we look for sales in the human health area to be up, but we still have the euro, is still not back to the levels it was in the first quarter, it's still well below it, roughly $0.935 right now versus almost 99 average for the first quarter a year ago. So we will continue to have a euro impact on our human health sales, and to some extent profitability, but we do look for it to be up, but not at our overall rate for the year. I would say at biosciences, we continue to look at phasing out some of the low margin serum and diagnostic products. We do look for our overall other products to grow in that 10-12 or maybe higher percent, but again we look for increasing momentum in some of those products through the year. SG&A should come back in line. We will get the benefit in the quarter of the lower tax rate, so when you put that all together I think we could say that we are comfortable we will be in the range of analysts' estimate which is a fairly broad, you know, nickel out there, how exactly we come out in that, I think depends, on just some of these factors that have you know, will cell sourcing and some of the other products be, you know, readily available, will raw material costs come down as far as we would hope they would, you know; will energy costs continue to come down; a variety of factors will drive, you know, where in that range we are. Depending on how, so, right today I guess it's a matter of how optimistic or pessimistic you want to be. Thank you very much and good luck on your acquisition activity. Thank you. Thanks Allan. Actually my question has been answered. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, I was wondering on your comments in the outlook for '01. I thought I heard you say raw materials were coming down and energy was coming down, which tense are you using and if so what are your major raw materials that are decreasing in cost? Yeah, they are coming down. Our major raw material is ethylene based, the one that impacts us most and natural gas pricing drives our energy costs in those areas where they are energy sensitive. You know, ethylene has been our – the way it works for us is we have a quarterly average adjustment, so it slow rolls in and ethylene has dropped dramatically in the last month. We won't see the full impact of that probably until late in the quarter or into the second quarter, but those are the two things we see coming down. Great, I am surprised to hear that gas prices are going down. You should tell the people in California. Well, you know, what California ought to do is change the law they passed and pass on the price increases to the consumer that's driving it up. Exactly, thank you so much. Thank you. Just a follow up on the cash flow statement. Can you tell us what the D&A and CapEx were in fourth quarter and what's your CapEx outlook for 2001? Sure, Dmitry. Our CapEx we think for the year came in slightly over $40 million, a little higher than I probably expected, but a couple of major projects wound up so we spent probably about 10 million in CapEx in the fourth quarter, $40 plus for the year. We are looking for around $40 million next year. Our depreciation and amortization came in at $7.4 million. We think for the quarter for another $2.4 million of amortization. Next year our planned depreciation level alone is about 40 million and our amortization is about $9 million. The $40 million could be a little high because typically our units plan to spend more on capital than they actually do and there is planned depreciation of that, so probably more like $38 to $39. The amortization part is pretty well set at $9 million. Great thank you very much. Thanks. Yes. Our friends at FASB in Norwalk, Connecticut, are talking about perhaps eliminating the amortization of goodwill related to acquisitions on a go-forward basis, maybe making that effective mid this year. Doug, have you looked at that, and two if you have, what impact will that have on reported earnings per share for let's say this year of 2001? You know, we've taken a very high-level look at it. As you know, Mark, the $9 million that I am talking about, of course, the vast majority of that would go away. What we haven't really worked through is how to tax effect that because we do have a mix of some of which is non-deductible, all of which would fall through and some of which is deductible, which you have to tax effect, but realistically it would probably add $7-plus million of income to our bottom line. That's in terms of reported income, right – so that'd be about $0.25 a share? You know, something in that range, exactly. It would be a very appreciable help to us if it was retroactive to Jan '01 of course, and there seems to be a lot of questions about exactly how FASB will implement this. Okay, but it would affect reported earnings per share, let's say, for 2002 on a $0.25 per share basis then? Yeah. No, I think that's probably pretty close. We will take a harder look at that in the quarter because it's a good question. Okay, thanks. Thanks Mark. Okay. Well, we thank you all for participating. I know there are other conference calls that people need to listen to, so we thank you for your interest and being with us today. Thank you operator.
Morning, Tim. Good morning, gentlemen. The language that you used in your 1Q press release, Jim, would seem to telegraph that some acquisitions could be imminent. Would that be an accurate statement? And then, as a follow-on for Doug, could you tell us what the insurance recovery in the first quarter did to earnings per share? Yeah. I'm not trying to telegraph anything. You know, we continue to have 15 or 20 different candidates; and we're just in discussions with several of them. And I think that's about all I would want to say, at this point. Doug, to you. Yeah. Relative, Tim, to the insurance claim, it did result from some internal damage that occurred in one of our major reactors at our Harriman, New York facility, last fall. There was actually no environmental damage or actually no exterior notification of it. It really developed, when we started testing the product, and determined that there was some contamination; however, it did result in a business interruption. Now, we have got the reactor back operating, although, at a reduced rate now. It wasn't until well into the first quarter that we were able to determine that it was an insurable event. So that the costs we incurred, this quarter, have been fully offset by insurance. Those costs, of course, we wouldn't have incurred, if we didn't have the event; so they, kind of, one offsets the other. However, we did pick up probably 2 to 3 cents a share from costs incurred in the fourth quarter, which we had expensed, and have now recovered or anticipate recovery with the insurance claim. We've had our insurance broker working very closely with us, specialists from their team and have got the claim now well along and are comfortable that – in fact, have received partial reimbursement – that this is an insurable event. If I can just confirm what I heard was correct then, in that 55 cents per share, your cost offset the benefits. So the 55 cents was a pure number? Other than I would – just to clarify a little bit. There is 2 to 3 cents that carried over from a prior period, which again we would have reported 2 to 3 cents more earnings fourth quarter than we did because of this incident. Thank you. Hi, Chris. Good morning, gentlemen. Question, since we're limited here; I do have a few, but I'll ask a limited. In terms of the lumpiness on the pharmaceutical side, you had some good margin improvement and, obviously, some new products coming through. What does lumpiness look like, going ahead in the next few quarters? And then I have a clarification. Claes, why don't you answer that? Well, Chris, as you know, the growth – part of the growth in the pharma segment is coming from our contract research and development work with both – with innovative both emerging and traditional; and we continue to see good progress in that field. To the extent that Jim mentioned, that we will go to the board and ask for additional resources to be able to meet the demands. There is always lumpiness in the customer ordering; and that's something, which we live with from quarter to quarter for a long time. And all I can say is that that, probably, will remain the same, going forward. Yeah. I think the important point in that arena is that, of the over 100 active pharmaceutical ingredients that we manufacture, we campaign those, and we don't only make them like once every 12 or 18 months and the customers don't always take them in the same rotation that we make them. So, you know, products that were ordered in the quarter, last year, some of them were not ordered in the first quarter of this year. That – and so they have that all through the year. We know, in total, we're going to do just fine. Exactly, which one will sell in which month is not ever that clear. Okay. I guess I'm wondering, in terms of strong products like Renagel and perhaps Detrol, how that squares with some inventory destocking that might be going on in the channel; whether you're seeing any of that in your products? I think we see individual customers taking a very close look at their entire supply chain, right now; and that will affect some products. In the particular case of Renagel, all indications that we have from our customers is that that's moving ahead very strongly; and that's going to continue into coming years as well. And I mean, you can probably check with GenTex's statements here and then get that confirmed but what we're hearing from them is that, that's a very, very optimistic forecast for not just this year but for coming years as well. Great. Thank you. Morning, Mark. Morning. Morning, guys. My question has to do with R&D, up both year-over-year and sequentially. In fact, substantially on a percentage basis already, even before the new resources are approved. Can you talk about, is that a sustainable number and what's going to into that? I'll make one comment; and then, I think, Claes has some other information. But if we look into the life science area, the percentage is actually higher. We've been filling some open place -- spots; and, you know, those expenditures always lead the actual revenue generation that they can create. But I think, in general, that this has been a very favorable trend for us. And, Mark, what I'd like to add is that, in the biotechs area, we're looking something more like 6% of annual sales and R&D spend; and in the pharma side, we're running between 3 and 4%. And as you may remember, we used to have collaborations with outside companies such as Oxford Asymmetry and Albany Molecular to actually buy R&D services from them. We have since decided to build our own technical center for excellence. So we're getting more of the R&D money being managed by ourselves, now, in direct management; and we're also consciously growing the spend in R&D; because, as you know, some of that R&D brings in revenue in terms of contract R&D sales to innovative pharma companies. Yeah. I'll regard that increase in R&D as good news. But, on the other side, overhead expenses were up; I guess, the G&A was up. Can you clarify that? Yeah, Mark, I would say, it's kind of two parts. Number one, as we disclosed last year, we had a $900,000 favorable gain that reduced SG&A expense. It would have been about 10.5%; but, obviously, we're still above that level. Right. A couple of other things occurred. Conti added a little bit in acquisition; but most of it was really driven by some acquisition-related expenses we incurred for deals we didn't do, which we wrote off, which I view as very much one time. We also – in looking through how much we booked this quarter – I would say, probably, as much as 600,000 or so is just timing-related things: legal expenses, personnel expenses; things, which when you budget them on an annual basis won't be any higher than year-over-year; but just the nature of when the work was done; and how we booked it, it fell into the first quarter versus, say, second or third. So I guess, in terms of guidance, going forward, we would look for SG&A – admin specifically, to return to a more normal 10% to 10.5% rather than the 11.4 we show in this quarter. That's very helpful. Thank you. Morning, Mike. Hi, Mike. Good morning, everyone. First question – in bioscience, last quarter, you had mentioned that you were going to take some products off the market or rationalize that area. Did that go in effect, this quarter? Well, we had some old products in the field of diagnostics and virology which we're phasing out gradually. We're basically depleting inventory. And there are a couple of customers where we have to still produce to keep them supplied until they can locate alternative sources. But these are old products. And it's – compared year-to-year, it's about $200,000 of sales that we're down compared to last year on those products. Your internal growth probably looked a teeny bit better in that area, less the rationalization? Exactly. Yes. Then you have the same effect going in Human Health, as well, is that some certain old products? And is that pretty much finished, going forward, in terms of actual old products that you want to get out of the system? Yes, we will – right now, I would say we wouldn't – we're not planning to get out of any products in Human Health, unless some competition would come in and do something to drastically erode margins for us. And there is one product in particular, where we continue to see some pressure from suppliers who continue to work off the weakness of the euro. And we have taken back, in fact, our customers right now; but now our customers are losing business to people who import the final dosage form product into the US. Right. So internal growth was actually in the quarter. And are you counting Conti as an internal growth at this point or was that build sort of external? Certainly, on a year-over-year basis, Mike, Conti probably added about 1.5 to 2% to the growth rate. They're bigger than that, but a lot of that was inter-company shipments. So they added, probably, 1.25 million to $1.5 million of external sales on a year-over-year basis. We did own them partly, through the first quarter a year ago. Okay. And a final question, Jim. When you look to 2002, you've been working on a lot of projects in the last three to four years in terms of API development. Does the pipeline look pretty strong for 2002-2003, going forward? I would say, yes; and part of the confidence comes from the fact we've been able to fill the number – the openings that we've had in our R&D groups, the opening of the tech center had progressed very well. So, you know, we're very bullish on that. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Mike. Thanks. Point of clarification. Given the start to the year, could you comment at all on current consensus expectations, which I show for this year, at $2.16 and for next year at $2.50? Thanks. Now, I think, it's an excellent opportunity for Sal Guccione to comment on that, going forward, Steve. Okay. You know, Steve, I think, yes, we are early in the second quarter; but in terms of both the quarter and the year, we planned that we continue to target to be within the range of analysts' expectations. We had, I think, a very good first quarter in spite of the higher raw material and energy costs and a weak euro. And while, you know, we're still dealing with those trends, we would expect those to ease up in the second half of this year; and we'd be, you know, within the range of expectations. Okay. Steve? Yes. Thanks. Okay. Thank you. Midwest Research. Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on a very good quarter. Thank you. A question regarding the human health business. You talked about the Department – or the Drug Enforcement Agency certification for a plant of yours. Can you talk a little bit about that opportunity? When is it likely to start affecting revenue and earnings and what the potential is, going forward? Yeah. And that's – the reason we actually put it in the press release – we just received that registration approval, and thought it was, you know, material enough, because the difference between having it and not having it is an important factor. But I'll let Claes Glassell comment on that. The next step, now that we have that registration is we can start the full scale validation batches that we need to do on the amphetamine salts and other products that we planned for that site. And if everything goes according to schedule, we should be able to start shipping product by the end of this year. And we expect that customers will – we will have some business for at least one product; and we expect that next year we will see customers getting their registrations in the second half and, probably, will start filling pipeline in the second quarter. And we then expect to continue to see growth in this business. And we would also – we are actively targeting other controlled substances, since we now have the DEA registration. So we plan to add products to this list. Okay. So we shouldn't expect to see any contribution in sales until, probably, 2002, is what you're saying? Yes. Okay. And just a bookkeeping question – Can you tell me what's your depreciation and CapEx were for the quarter and what your expectations are for the year? Yeah. For the quarter, we showed depreciation of about 8.1, amortization of 2.7, or a total of 10.8. Our budget is a little higher than clearly the run rate we show with depreciation of almost 40. We usually don't spend all our CapEx. So I'd probably put depreciation more in the range of 37 to 38 and amortization, now, at close to 10, putting it up around 47-48 million. CapEx, in the quarter, we estimate at around 10 million in the budget; and the expectation of spending for the year in CapEx is probably around 40 million. And is that contingent on the board's approval of expansion of kilo labs and pilot plants? Certainly, those are included in that 40 million; yes. Okay. Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you Dmitry. Thank you. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Okay. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't on the speakerphone. This is my first call with the company we've recently took a position in the stock. I have a couple of questions related to the API end of the business. The fact that you mentioned the Renagel, which I assume you make the sevelamer hydrochloride? No, we actually make the penultimate intermediate before that. Ah! Okay. The question is then that this is the first time I recall seeing that specific product mentioned; does that reflect the fact that it's become a significant ongoing product or does it reflect the fact that you had an extremely large inventory order from Genzyme? We've actually mentioned the product in previous releases as well. So it's not the first time we've mentioned it now; and the fact that we mentioned it now is that it's one of the factors that contributed to growth in the quarter. So can you give any idea – indication as to how big the product is? Are we talking several millions of dollars in the quarter? Our forecast for the year is based on input that we have from our customers at about $8 million in sales. What about the cough suppressant that was a big contributor last year? Can you talk about how that contributed? I'm sorry; I missed that. The cost...? The cough suppressant. Oh, the cough suppressant? Yes. Was that a big contributor this quarter as well and what the outlook for that product is? That's a much more mature product and I think it was a big contributor last year, because more of the pattern of ordering that some customers were filling up pipelines. We did have sales in this quarter, although I think they were down year-over-year. One last question on API, I've been told by industry sources that your plant in Milan is a highly profitable operation. Can you disclose, the nature of what Milan makes? We don't normally comment on the profitability of individual plants since we report our business in different segments but the plant in Milan is making API for price predominant in the generic industry and they have a range of some 60 products altogether. So, that probably goes a bit too far to read the list here, but they have a very varied portfolio of products. Could I ask you then, with regards to those 60 products, are there a handful of products that dominate its sales? The biggest single individual product accounts for about 20% of sales and below that we have a couple of products which are in the 10% range, but there is a very spread – fairly well spread business. I think, the whole business model in this arena has been to have niche products that – where we're the only producer or sometimes one of two producers in the world. Right. So, that's the part of the strategy for that business. One last question, because I'm new to the company, with regarding your exposure on the two litigation cases, that are mentioned in the foot notes, the situation with Mylan Labs – is there any possibility that the company will face any additional charges from that and with regard to the other ingredient – lorazepam? No. We believe that the FTC itself has settled with the Mylan and with us. So there is no further exposure with the government, there were a couple of derivative suites that Mylan felt were so – that they had such a clear case in defending that they did not settle them. They're very minor, and Mylan is completely handling those. We are doing a little bit of legal expenditures on our own, but we feel we have no exposure in that situation. HMOs or hospital groups, have they bothered Mylan. I can't address. I don't know the specific cases and the specific situation. But you're confident that we don't face any additional problems? Exactly. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. Thank you. Hi, good morning. Hi, Pat. On the new product, percentage of revenue from new products, I think in the past you know you've thrown out some numbers and that – related to that I wondered, if you could comment on that for the first quarter and maybe what it looks like going forward here? Well, we did mention before we introduced 11 new products in the quarter, which are new sales that we haven't had before. Those don't always amount to a lot of invoice sales as often we start setting small quantities and they grow over time. Last year, we had sales of products, which we report as being five years or younger being $51 million and we target that number to be 65 for the year... 65? Yeah, 65. 65, okay. Great. And wondered if Jimmy could just comment on what you're seeing, you know, for the second quarter for Specialty and Fine? How does that bump along the bottom here? What are you looking at? < A – James Mack>: It's been a particularly tough environment for those businesses, just like we see in many other companies that are in those sectors. And I think we've really bottomed out in that arena. So I think the performance will start to show better improvement. In terms of repositioning, that's a constant evaluation we are making and, in fact, will be something we discuss in our board meeting this week. Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Doug, nice working with you. Good luck. Thank you, Pat. Okay. Mark. Good morning. My questions have actually been answered. I just wanted to wish Doug good luck and thank you. < A – Douglas MacMillan>: Thank you. Thanks very much Mark. Hi. This is kind of more of a big picture question, as you've talked to your customers over the last three to six months or so, what can you tell us about their specific concerns, how they may have changed, how they are looking at their supply chain in the world and I'm focused on change and how you are interpreting that as potential opportunities or challenges for you? < A – Claes Glassell>: Well, I think if you start with pharmaceutical companies and the innovators, which I think it's always been a subject of some discussion, I think we're seeing that there are some different approaches to the whole view of supply chain. The companies we think are the most – have made it the best expressed strategy, actually take it a very long-term view and they say that they would like to focus on their core competencies and build up a small but select range of partnerships with a few suppliers. And when they say partnerships, they so far in my view, have demonstrated that they really want to have partnerships with very open discussions and those are the kind of companies that we're targeting to work with, of course. Then there are those that have a more traditional view and, you know, you're asking for change, they haven't changed much. And in the bioscience area... Is there – has there been any kind of shift in terms of the amount that are traditional, to the amount that are looking towards partnerships? Any change there? < A – Claes Glassell>: I think with the consolidation taking place, maybe, the number of companies hasn't changed but the size of them have changed. Right. < A – Claes Glassell>: I wanted to also take a chance to say something about the Biosciences. I think that you'll notice that there's been recently quite a lot of attention given to the fact that there is a scarcity of bio processing capacity in the world now. Yes. < A – Claes Glassell>: And that certainly is a shift because a couple of years ago that was not the situation. And this leaves us to take advantage of that in targeting sales of optimization of media. It's actually – we're finding out that what we supply in media for cell culture, for expressing these proteins that go into the biopharmaceuticals. By spending time on optimizing the media, you can increase the output quite significantly by 30%, 40% sometimes. And of course if you had lack of capacity, and you can, through better media performance, improve your output that's very valuable to customers these days. Do you see particularly on the biotech side any – you know given what's happening with capital markets, any changes in their behavior, spending patterns, their discussions with you? No I think the biotech sector is – I mean, the answer I think to your question is nothing in the sort of mega-trends thing. The biotech sector has individual pockets that are doing better and worse. And I think it seems like access to venture capital has not become a bottleneck yet in the general sense but there are individual pockets, which may have some more difficulty. I think there's a lot more sensitivity in the marketplace to companies that have therapeutics and clinical trials, and as they slip or miss and they have to go back and redo some clinicals that there is some heavy reactions to that. But we continue to see them as being very well funded and with a lot of progress being made, a lot of it because of the new technology available from the human genome project. So it's really revolutionizing the whole activity and a lot of the products and reagents and test kits and everything we have are slotted right into that field. So we view it as a tremendous opportunity. No, absolutely. Thank you very much. Okay, Robert. I didn't have a question. Okay. Good morning, Doug. Hello. Hello. Doug? Good morning, Les. Hello. Operator, I think we... Good morning, Michael. Hi guys. Basically all my questions have been answered. Okay. So, thanks a lot. All right. Thanks for being on with us Mike. No question. Hi, good morning. Good morning, Jeff. Can you just say what the total acquisition effect on consolidated sales and the acquisition affects on the human health and biotech sector were for the quarter? There's really no acquisition effect on the biotech at all. I'd say the primary affect in human health was the Conti acquisition. We did do a couple of small product line acquisitions but they are really de minimis I would say in terms of their impact. We also have – those same acquisitions did have, at least one of them had a small impact, the Arizona acquisition on the specialty and fine probably contributed a couple of million dollars to the company overall. But acquisitions in total then probably were around $2 million to $3 million impact on the company. And what's your CapEx this year? About 40 million Jeff. Okay. Thanks very much. Thanks, Jeff. Hi, this is Tracy for Allan. First, Doug, congratulations and if you can get your boat on the Great Lakes stop by Chicago. Okay. [laughter] Thank you, Tracy. On to the actual question. I know you guys look at this. Recent articles out about the governments in China, India etcetera trying to essentially get into the biotech, life science game with government support as well as changes in the regulations and the like. I know you sort of follow the international dynamics. Have you – has your view of the opportunities for pharmaceutical outsourcing on a global basis and in particular the Far East changed, and how are you looking at it impacting you? Our views have not changed in a nutshell. We think that there is very capable – lots of capable competent people in those countries that you mentioned and they can certainly carryout a lot of R&D work. We're still finding from our customers that there is a concern about the protection of intellectual property in those countries. And by saying that, I don't mean that the countries who are active are any less good in protecting. But it's very hard to protect intellectual property when individuals leave companies, and there is a risk for migration of IP. That is the concern among our customers and for that reason we see that we still have a very strong inflow of new projects. And we also use them to supply us. That's the other side of the coin that we in our products in particular in products for generics markets, we're actually able to do some outsourcing ourselves and thereby bring up capacity for higher value added steps in our own factories. Okay. Part of the question was just the – when governments get involved in industries and business segments sometimes they mess them up. And, any worry – if large amount of resources in those companies are sort of devoted to adding capacity and the like? We really haven't seen that being done in any kind of an effective way. You know, there – a lot of the products that they do enter the market with are things, products or compositions that are, you know, 20, 30 year old. So we haven't seen it and we track and monitor and understand the same reports you're looking at. Long term, China is going to be probably the one of the largest consumers of therapeutics in the world. So our challenge is more how to take advantage of that opportunity going forward. All right. Thanks a lot. Okay. Thanks Tracy. Good morning, Ira. How are you doing. Nice quarter. This is for Claes basically, in the last few days Sepracor has been clobbered pretty good based on doubts about the real ability of chiral chemistry to impact the bottom line. Yes. I would like Claes to comments on that. If we're into the chirals, and how that affects us, or what our outlook is? Also an article in the Journal saying that these new pharmaceuticals are taking up too much time and money that was yesterday. And comment us generally, on what's exciting going on with regards to stem cells and some of our other areas? Thank you. All right. The first question on chirality, I think Sepracor's business model is to work on the pure enantiomer of already existing drugs. And then that strategy, it's been pursued by them. And I don't think that really is should be – their success or their lack of success, which ever it is – it's not necessarily a reflection of the growing importance of chirality because we see chirality being very important in development of new drugs and as molecules get more and more complex they will have more and more chiral centers. So, chirality is very much an active tool – or chiral technology is an active tool in development of new drugs, Ira. So, nothing has happened to diminish our enthusiasm for that. The recent comments about pharmaceuticals and being too expensive, I find it very hard to understand the logic behind that actually because I think that the development of better products, and if you can cure disease or treat disease in a better way even if it costs more money, I think is still a comparatively inexpensive treatment to quality alternatives that we know are available, hospitalization or surgery or likewise. So, its – I think, its part of the general trend to try to focus on cost reductions and perhaps it is a spill over from recent events in South Africa, where the drug industry, I think, ended up with some negative publicity. And the last point about stem cells what's going on what's exciting, I would say that, its happening so fast and so many things going on that I find the whole arena to become more and more – more area for us to look at ... Partnerships. In partnerships and we're working at actually, in the first quarter, we actually had a partnership, where we were performing work on cell therapy with one partner and that's a first for us and we expect to expand that business going forward. On the technology of stem cells, you know, we've recruited one of the leading experts in the industry, Dan Marshak and he just published a book Jim got a copy. Stem Cell Biology. So, I'm going to be reading that, Ira. I'll even be more up to date. But there's a lot going on, in the stem cells and cell therapy and as you point out every week there's a new article and there is – we've been working with a partner company, involved and know what they're doing in treating heart damage with stem cells and this is work now being talked about openly and publicly about the impact. So it's, you know, it's a really exciting time for us. Thank you. Thanks Ira. Thank you. Yeah, this question is for Sal. Doug's done a great job in getting the tax rate down over the years, roughly 1% per year. [laughter] Sal, are you prepared to take up the challenge to see what you can do to further that trend? That's a good question Mark. Well the answer is, yes, I am prepared to take up the challenge. I can tell you this, in terms of – getting it down to the 29% level, we're confident that it's going to stay there for quite a bit of time and we have gotten it down over the years, through good planning, and by the way the acquisitions help us in many ways and one is we've gotten ourselves a more, you know, complex international structure, but which results in, you know, aiding in a lower tax rate. So to a degree, you know, we're smart in our planning and in our acquisitions hopefully we can get that down even further. Okay. But I guess, you're, maybe you're being cautious or maybe it's all played out? Well, no, well, we're comfortable right now. But there might be a little more – again to get to 29 is good and there's probably a little more there, short term, but you know, in terms of being comfortable, I'd say 29% is good. Okay. Thanks. Yes Dmitry. Yes gentlemen. I just want to, kind of return to the mundane world of specialty and fine chemicals and understand a little bit that – is the 22 to $23 million, the new run rate going forward or is there further weeding that you need to do. And I'm not talking about economic impact; I'm talking about walking away from low margin sales. And a follow up to that is, you know, as part of that strategy we saw the gross margin in the fourth quarter jump up you know pretty close to 30% and then fall back down to 22% this quarter? Where do you see the margin going in this business as you're losing the low margins sales going forward? Well, two things Dmitry part of this is dropped products, roughly half of the shrinkage you've seen is products we're no longer making but some of this is strictly the photographic business and some of the other areas, some of the monomer issues. We will see them come back. So, I don't view that we're going to see 23 million as an ongoing. We should see some comeback from that over time. In terms of the margins, our probably biggest impact on the business was high energy costs, which have particularly our CasChem business incurred probably 400,000 to $500,000 year-over-year increase in energy cost. Hopefully, that will begin to mitigate if natural gas and oil prices come down – when they do. So, to some degree it also, of course, the 29 just happened to be very good mix of products fourth quarter. I think it was a much weaker mix of products in this first quarter. Hopefully, we can target something in between there for an ongoing run rate. Okay. Thank you gentlemen. All right, Dmitry. Thank you. Yes. Again apologies because we're new, do you break out in the API business, any indication as to what percentage of those sales are generic companies and what part of it might be from the innovatives? Yes. We do. [laughter] And to answer your question. Well in answer to your question about 62% are generic and about 38 are innovative. And what is the trend? Trend is probably growing the generics as a percentage of the total. Would you say that generic business is less profitable because it's a more sensitive or does it work the other way around? Actually it's very profitable because of our niche strategy and we've – there are barriers to entry and if you really – if you're not in this business in a niche product way, its extremely difficult and unlikely – difficult to enter. Okay. Thank you. Okay, Joe. [ed note: gap in audio between sides of tape] -- insurance from Animal Health looks like gross profit margins are running in the high teens, is that kind of the run rate going forward? The Animal Health was impacted also dramatically by energy and by raw material costs so, probably somewhere between a $1 million and $1.5 million, Mike. All right. That's going to stay? To some degree, although, we think again, there could be some, you know, an asset – well, there is two factors; number one, the costs can come down, but we also have a lag in our ability to pass through and we still haven't – even on our pass through contracts, have a long way to go in terms of getting some of that cost back. So that will help mitigate the margin hit to some degree. We should see that, well maybe not quite as strong as 22, 23, it should be over 20 hopefully, going forward. Okay. And Jim, you know, in the past you commented, the pilot plants were still full, did the backlog there still seem pretty good for the rest of the year? Yes, very strong. And you know, we're going to be discussing with the board, actually expanding the pilot plants in couple of locations. Okay. And just a final question, do you see yourself taking significant charge in the second quarter for Doug's retirement, I heard he is old? [laughter] Congratulations, Doug and congratulations Sal, as well. Thank you. Thank you, Mike. Jim, during our travel to see investors a few months ago, you received quite a few unsolicited comments from just funds saying that they'd love to own the stock, if you got your SIC and S&P categorization changed over to life sciences. I'm just curious whether you had any progress on that front? You know, we've done a lot of work on it. Sal, what's been the result of that? We've – Tim, we have done a lot of work on it. Right now, it's up in the air, for the moment. It seems that, you know, the powers that be that determine the SIC code would like to leave us in there unless it does look like it's had changes? Well, with the SEC, we have the ability to control that and we have changed our code. That's within our sphere. The S&P, as Anne-Marie is here with us and knows, we've submitted – went through a detailed investigation. They preferred to keep us in our present classification, because they classify us in the same area as Lanza and DSMs business, and even though we do have a very strong biotech and majority human health component. They are putting us into a special category of specialty chemical, because that's the way they do it and we can't do much about it, at this time. Okay. And also you have several different drivers to fuel margin expansion in 2001. One of those that we've talked about, certainly six months ago, would have been Conti and Irotec getting capacity utilization increased, can you just update us on where the capacity utilization in Europe is for your manufacturing assets? Well, I'm pleased to tell you; we still have some spare capacity. And I was saying that, because I don't think, we at any time want to be at 100% full. We want to be able to have the ability to take on some more projects. And in particular, Irotec, as you know, is located in an area, which is advantageous from the tax point of view, and some of our big pharma clients are attracted by that. Okay. Thanks. And Doug it's been a pleasure and good luck. I'll wait with bated breath to see if a vineyard can actually take off in Virginia or not. Okay. Thank you, Tim. Thanks, Tim. Thank you. All right. Well, thank you everyone for being with us. We appreciate your involvement and your interest.
Hey guys. Good morning Mark. Two question on acquisitions. How much did the Bio Science acquisition add to sales in the second quarter? Hello Mark. No. I can answer but I don't know if he is on the on the line then. I'll answer and if he needs to come back, let's come back to him. Basically as Mr. Mack mentioned, the Bioscience group include and being adjusted for FX grew by about 14% and the acquisition accounted for about half that growth. So while we don't talk about specific subs, it was roughly half of that or in the range of a couple of million dollars. But it sounded like he had more to that question. Good morning guys. First question is a tough one, given that the stock's down at 12% already this morning. I think it's probably a fair question. I appreciate that the current climate's not been very conducive to divesting the businesses that you have identified as being kind of big problems in the quarter, and you have talked historically about wanting to sell because you can't get top dollar in this climate, but it strikes me that you're simultaneously risking your newfound life science PE multiple if you don't divest it. So the circular argument I am wondering if you can address the master plan on that issue Jim? Yeah. Well, we continue to work on it. It's not a matter of starting the process. The process we have been going through so far is really operating with people that have come to us with specific interests and a specific desire to talk about various possibilities. And given all the other things we are working on, that's about the amount of time and attention we can give to it at this point. And what the kinds of future we are looking at I believe the first quarter of next year is actually going to be a better climate for these businesses. I think we are at the bottom. You know, we have been through this two or three times over the past 10 years. We can pretty well track the factors that are causing the problems and know what has to happen for these to turn around and show better performance. People are not prepared to go on blind faith that things will be better and I think we can demonstrate the historical performance in several of these areas, so I appreciate your point of view and I think you are right. But we are – they do continue to generate cash and we will put it in place at the right time. Sure, and then a clarification question. Maybe I missed something in the press release, but in one instance I noticed there was reference to a lower bioscience production levels and yet in another area they talk about the higher sales over all in bioscience production or products. Is there a disconnect between those two data points or is that including acquisitions initiatives and worded maybe differently? Tim this is Sal. Basically, a couple of things, you know, going on within the business. We went through a systems changeover in the second quarter, actually kind of late in the second quarter, down in the Walkersville facility, which caused some problems taking orders and getting orders, let's say, manufactured and out the door. That cost us in margin because it cost us some absorption as well as sales just in high margin products. We estimate that to be about $600,000 in sales or maybe through $500,000-$750,000 in sales, a couple – 2.5%, so that hurt us – about may be half that, we estimate will come back in the third quarter. The other half – products that had to go out the door that day, otherwise you lose the business so to speak, so that's the lower production level. And then the second part, basically, certainly there was some growth due to the acquisition as well as this inventory reduction strategy on fetal bovine serum, which is lower margin also. Okay and final question and I'll get back in the queue. The media has been having a heyday speculating on where Cambrex stands with this generic Adderall. Can you give us an update just where that stands, please? Yes go ahead. Our Claes Glassell is here with us - Hi Tim. I think the media has been – some media representatives may have confused facts and think that we are actually going to go into the market as a generic manufacturer and sell Adderall as a formulated product. That is not our intention, it's ... Supply to other generic manufacturers? Yes, we will supply as an active pharmaceutical ingredient, the ingredient that goes into Adderall, to other generic companies, and this looks to us to be a very exciting opportunity and in fact indications are that the demand is stronger than we had initially expected. So the timing, order of magnitude on the opportunity, could you just at least quickly discuss that? We think that – you know right now we're on validation batches in our full scale facility in Salisbury and that's what Tim alluded to, we are going to ask the Board to approve a more capital to increase capacity next year. So we start expecting to see the sales coming through in 2002 and we're looking at significant turnaround volumes. I appreciate you responses. Hi. Yes, I just want to get a little bit more color on the Bioscience business and maybe you can give us a sense of – maybe quantify, both to sales and to the margin, what was going on with the bovine business and then, I guess you mentioned the systems changeover hurting both sales and gross margin, how much did that hurt the gross margin and do you see the gross margin coming back in the second half of the year for that business? Yes it's – again always those things are always a little bit difficult to calculate because it's somewhat subjective, but the best we could come up with, as I mentioned, it looks like about $600,000 in sales, maybe a low 500 to high 750, but we're saying 600. There's certainly a mix of products within there but we're thinking it probably brought the margin down by maybe a percent and half, maybe 2%, given the mix of products in there. So that was that. The second part was the inventory, a strategy to reduce the fetal bovine serum inventories and that's – it's fairly well known but not to everybody, to be – that's low margin product and that coupled with the lack of production due to the switchover accounted for the balance of the margin decrease. We would expect and hope that the margin recovers here in the third quarter. Okay. Now, the system changeover that you did, can you just talk a little more about that? Is that something that you do every year, every five years, just trying to get a sense of how – whether this is a recurring thing, you know, a little bit more of the sense of nature of it? Now, basically, these are – Cambrex has, kind of, has a companywide, you know, computer enterprise system, and as we've done acquisitions in the past we've brought the acquired companies onto our system, sometimes faster, sometimes slower, BioWhittaker happens to be – the Walkersville facility happens to be a very complicated business with many skews there, so we've taken a longer time to put them onto our system, but in the second quarter we made the decision to go ahead and do that, and that's kind of a one-time changeover; unfortunately, it went, you know, slower and with more difficultly than planned. So, that's kind of – it's a once and done thing, but there could be maybe some spill over into the third quarter but hopefully the worst is behind us at this point. Okay, so what I'm hearing is there's really probably no reason for the second half of the year for the gross margin Biosciences to get up to at least 54%, if not 55. Is that fair? Yes, Okay, thank you very much. You are welcome. Good morning Michael. We can't hear you. Can you hear me. Great! Can you hear me? Yeah, that's better. I am sorry. You know, when you look to this third quarter seasonally historically, it typically went down 18-20% from the second quarter in light of the weakness in the chemical businesses, do you see this sequential trend worsening this coming quarter and in light of your guidance for 8-10% in '01, do you see the backlog in your life-sciences to support a very strong fourth quarter to compensate for that? Michael this is Sal again. We do again as Jim mentioned, our targets for the year at least are lower than our historical targets and certainly the third quarter is always maybe, it's generally the softest quarter out of the four for us, harder to predict, we have European shutdowns, we have U.S. – some U.S. shutdowns also. So that's kind of more difficult quarter. What's a little bit hard to you know predict exactly – you know, is the fact that beginning in the – you know, the second half of last year, we started seeing some softening in the non-life science businesses. So maybe the fall off – you know, the fall off that we saw here in second quarter versus second quarter last year, a lot of trends expect to continue, maybe they won't be, you know, as severe. It's a little bit early in the quarter to tell. But hopefully, the percent changes aren't as severe. However, looking at another way, sequentially, yes I would expect the third quarter to be, you know, certainly softer than the second quarter and softer than the expectations that are on the street, you know, right now, and hopefully things pickup in the fourth quarter as they generally do. Fourth quarter is better than the third quarter. All right. And as a follow-up to Tim's question. You know, it's obvious that it's going to be difficult to sell the Specialty Chemical businesses in the medium, short-to-medium term and you know, may be another way to look at it – is potentially to hold up your life science multiples to – maybe do more acquisitions on the life science side. Can you give us an idea how the environment is in that area? Is it difficult to buy things now and your unwillingness to sell it, you know, very dilutively but if you could find something good, it would kind of offset that? Would you kind of comment on that Jim? All right – Sal's been our M&A doctor here. I think generally you know, the market for you know, life science deals you know, has been you know, a difficult one for a number of years now. It might be getting a little bit better, but in general they are harder to come by, but nonetheless we always – we have a strong pipeline of companies that we look at and as we do now – but again it's just hard to predict you know, when the next one would occur. Certainly that would be one of the thoughts we have in mind as always, is, you know, continue to look for life science acquisitions and as has happened in the past, you know, fortunately, the non-life science pieces are, you know, now a smallish percentage of the total. And so, even when you look at kind of the quarter we just had we were able to grow, you know, the bottomline, through strong performance in the life science piece. Okay. Thank you. Good morning gentlemen. Good morning Dmitry. Couple of questions, one related to the – was partially answered on the Biosciences impact of the serum inventory draw down, and you've mentioned that it maybe at an end, when do you expect it to, kind of, anniversary and stop becoming a, you know, a visible drag on performance? The inventory draw down? Yes. That will – that's a strategy that will probably continue for the balance of this year, but probably the largest impact was felt here in the second quarter. Okay. Then a follow-up question. On the fifth suite, when it comes online at Biosciences, what impact do you expect it to have on revenues? What's the fifth? – he is asking on a fifth suite the impact on revenues, we haven't really announced what that is No. I am just positive. Would saying that it's going to be, you know, a 20% increase, 25% increase off of the, you know, $20-$25 million run rate, a fair assumption? It's in that range and it's already contracted out, so the suite is actually going to – we are actually bidding for the suite, though we're still setting it up so it's going to have an impact on revenues right away. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Richard. Hi, good morning. Good morning Jeff. Good morning. Just sort of a few questions. The first is in the Human Health area, can you just describe how competitive conditions have either stayed the same or changed with some of your competitors being more consolidated with foreign competition being a little bit different than it was before? Sort of how has that changed the business environment if it has changed it? I think it's a broad question and as always, it's a different answer for different products and different situations. But I think we are still seeing that there is a strong demand and as Jim mentioned before for the contract – what we call contract development. We see rapid growth in that area and we see customers giving us more projects and we are actually bottlenecked right now in our pilot plants. So to the extent there is competition, there is not enough competition I guess to satisfy the demand. If you look at some of our older products again as was mentioned before, we have some products which are older, have been around for lot of years and there is competition from Europe and in that case we have lost some business because of pricing from the people who have lower cost than we have and in between that I think we have a whole range of products. You know, we have totally more than what is it? 100 active ingredients and 120 intermediates. And I would say that if you look at the overall landscape, I think that competition has not really changed that dramatically in my opinion either up or down. Well, that is, all things being equal, are you surprised that your growth in Human Health isn't stronger in the API area? That is, even in – measured in local currency, it's 7%. Sort of, what inhibits that from being stronger than that? I think if you look at one single quarter, our targets are higher than that growth rate. So from that point of view, however there is as we also said, there is lumpiness in this business and if you lose in a single quarter, you lose a significant chunk of business on the older products, it is difficult to replace all that with new business in that given quarter. So I think we are confident that the programs we have in place to grow business by adding new products are working. We add new business for tracking way ahead of last year in what we call the new products and we see customers. So – but occasionally you get a hit like that and most of that in one single quarter is somewhat difficult. Yeah and I think also Jeff if we fast forward into next year where the impacts – we've largely felt the drags and the downs that we're going to see due to currency on these older active ingredients. There is not an awful lot left to go on those. On the other hand the investments we've been making in new products are really going to get lot of traction next year and they're going to be up some of them two or threefold over what they are this year. So I think the actions we've been taking for the last couple of years on investments in new products are really going to serve us well next year and you're going to see percentage wise the reflection of that more dramatically than we can show today. Just I guess sort of a last question, your inventories were $118 million up from $101 million. Is that due to the acquisition or is there some other reason why there is an inventory build? Yeah. Jeff, there is a combination of things. Certainly that's one. The largest piece of the build unfortunately dates back to we've mentioned this reactor outage that we had at one of our sites. You know that's caused an inventory buildup of products that can't get processed through. You've also got a combination of some builds in advance of anticipated shutdowns here in third quarter as well as higher raw material and energy cost that now have found a way into the system compared to a year ago. But half – almost half of it is attributed to the reactor. It's still the reactor – about half is attributed to the reactor. Okay. Thank you very much. Sal, you mentioned to someone's question preciously that the First Call consensus is also too high for 3Q. It's currently at 51. Year ago was 43. Would you envision at least the year-over-year earnings comparison in 3Q to be above the 2% growth we saw in 2Q over 2Q? I'm sorry, say it again? You reported 2% earnings growth this year in the second quarter that we're discussing right now versus year ago. Your comment a few moments ago was that the current consensus for 3Q is too optimistic. So my question is do you at least envision the year-over-year earnings growth in the third quarter to be greater than the 2% that had been in the second quarter? Yeah. From what we can see right now, it's probably – the trend is going to continue that we saw in the second quarter probably into the third quarter and hopefully the fourth quarter picking up. So the growth trend probably will be more or less consistent. So does that answer mean 2% type of growth? I mean yeah – we don't forecast exactly but in that range I'd say at this point. Well we're pretty early in the quarter. Okay. Could there be a huge shortfall obviously from what the current numbers are? Could you also talk about or characterize what CapEx budget looks like for this year and next year and does that include assuming you get a board approval on Thursday, does that include Charles City and the LAL expansion? Yeah. CapEx budget for this year on a whole is about $40 million like it's been in the past and now would – it would take those expenditures into account and that's been a fairly consistent kind of number for us here and it's made up of kind of a baseline spending and then each year there might be some 10-15 or $18 million of these kind of larger growth related expenditures. Okay. Then finally, Specialty and Fine Chemicals and Animal Health/Agriculture were kind of broad definitions, could you just give the audience a little bit of color on what specific products and/or end markets are hurting you the most in both of those divisions? It's kind of across the board, but I'd say the telecom markets are way down and that's within our Specialty and Fine area. Photographic is hurting us quite a bit and then I'd say Ag would be the third if I had to pick three markets. Without knowing the specific details of your photographic, is there secular problem there as well because of the move towards digital photo? Yes, that's certainly part of it. Yes. Thank you. Hi, good morning. Good morning. I am wondering if I could get a little more understanding of what's going on in Bioscience? You are approaching the fourth anniversary of having acquired BioWhittaker, which when you acquired it at the time had revenues I believe of around $66 or $67 million. You made an acquisition of BMA shortly thereafter, which I think had revenues of in the mid twenty or low-to-mid twenties, maybe 23, 24 and I think in between you acquired Poietic, which had sales of about 2 million. You add those all up 66, 67 plus 23.4, plus 2, you are up to low 90s. If you take out the $2 million of sales that you made from the recent acquisition, your revenue stream is barely above $100 million, 4 years later. Why is the organic growth in Biosciences really so modest at this time? Yes, I think, certainly part of it has been currency we've gotten hurt on currency again this one was only maybe a percent and half this quarter. I think part is currency – you know, currency back over the course of the full year is – you've probably seen – we've seen very good growth in cells. We've probably seen less than spectacular growth in media and serum, which were, kind of, lower margin, less strategic products. Is there is anything else? Endotoxin? Yes, endotoxin had some problems against last year and it's picking up this year. So it's been – well, you know, I think you can say a little bit of a shift within the businesses, that has caused some of the -- I guess what's puzzling me, or I am trying to understand is we are in the middle of the genomics revolution, R&D spending is exploding, and yet the organic growth is only up by a few million dollars in four years. I know in previous conference calls going back sometime, Jim Mack has always referred to 15-20% growth in Life Sciences, I haven't heard that recently. So I am just trying to understand whether your positioning is different or whether there has been a slowdown because it seems to me that the growth rate is very, very modest for the position that you have placed yourself in? Yes, I think if you look at it from that perspective and shine the worst possible light on it, you'd come up with, you know, your outlook. The reality is we've been putting most of the effort and R&D expenditure in the new areas that in fact do relate to genomics and these start out in our small projects – small products that are in fact growing at 20, 30, 40% a year. In the precast electrophoresis gel probably growing at over 100% a year. The older products again in your media, fetal bovine serum which have large revenue, we are not particularly emphasizing the growth there. In media we are concentrating on media optimization, for media that goes with our cell systems and those are the higher margin, higher profit areas. And, you know, you have to be able to put the resources and the scarce resources on the arenas we think are going to carry us well into the future. And the other thing we have been exiting the older cell lines that are used for diagnostics. You know, the company went out of that business before we made the acquisition, we have been supplying ingredients for the diagnostics to other companies. That's very high cost service business and the net return has not been great, so that's an area that we have been deemphasizing and the revenue decline that goes with that has been offset by these other programs. So, I think we are well positioned and we are actually getting stronger in the areas that we see are going to provide the future growth, both in top line and in the margins, so I think that's what you will see going forward. So to put it in another way you've – now that you've gotten rid of the older lines and you've positioned yourself in the newer ones, the growth rate should accelerate sharply going forward? That's what we expect. Great. Thanks very much. Okay Mike. Good morning guys. Good morning Mike. A lot of Mikes on the call this morning. Claes or Jim, can you tell us what if any affect BioWhittaker has seen from some of the problems that the life science companies like Applied Biosystems and Waters have talked about of less capital spending, has that backed up and hurt some of the consumables or cell or media products of BioWhittaker. Not, that we have seen Mike, we don't supply so much people who make equipment anyway, but to the extent we do that, we haven't really seen much pick up in demand because of that. No, broader slowdown across the research laboratories, just the capital spending slowdown on buying equipment? Yeah that's a little bit in the business that we have to supply for electrophoresis, but that's – I think more of a trend change away from the old gel electrophoresis more to capillary electrophoresis, which is the method of the future. We see some weakness in the old electro sales area, but we are also introducing buffers that are being used for the capillary electrophoresis, so we are trying to be well positioned to take part in that growth. And the precast gels are growing very well. Exactly. Okay. Thanks. Here's some help, maybe the question was answered and I didn't hear it, but the full impact of the acquisition of the Baltimore operations in the second half of this year? Yeah, Mark, we did, we weren't sure if you'd dropped off the line. Basically, the Biotech group grew at about 14% on a currency adjusted basis of which, the Bio Science acquisition was about half that, so roughly, in the range of couple of million dollars. So sharp sequential fall off in Bio sales you know, first to second can be accounted for by this, bottleneck you have been referring to? In the LAL endotoxin? Yes. Yeah there has been some impact from that. I guess I was most disappointed in the lack of sequential growth in Bio given the fact you had an acquisition. That's what I was focusing on. All right. Yeah I think there is a couple of things there Mark and a part of it was this, and I don't know if you heard, you know, the fact of the system switchover that's part of it. Another thing it seems, we've kind of looked at this ourselves from the time we acquired BioWhittaker business, it seems like the first quarter tends to be the stronger quarter of the year, at least for that piece of the business and part of it is due to the fact that I think orders kind of slowed down in mid December and then they spill over and this year we had a little bit of that also, so that you know that affects some of it too. Yeah these are live cells and they do have a shelf life, so people that are going to be on vacation mid December on, you know, they just don't order anything and then the orders are all stacked up ready to go when they come back after New Year's, of course, sometimes depending on where New Year's falls that has an impact, so we do see a very strong first quarter. I think the same pattern existed last year. My follow-up was on tax rate, it was lower in the quarter then expected, I guess 28 for the first half. What do we use for the second half, what do we use for next year. Yeah I think we have maybe indicated in the first quarter that we were looking at things that – and maybe it was going to come down a bit. Basically, we've had a good mix of R&D credits as well as a geographic mix, so it was profits split, where profits are coming in from and the balance of this year, you know we'll go with the 28% and we are looking at things and actually next year might get a little bit, might be a little bit better maybe it will be 27%. But for the moment, you know, we are sticking with the 28 now. And then lastly Jim you've talked a lot about the rapid growth in new products in Human Health, but can you remind us how much of Human Health is represented by these new products which have the high growth? Yeah, Claes probably has been tracking this a little more closely, so we track actually just as an opener, I'll say that, you know, products that are less than 5 years old is something we measure every month. And I hope you don't, Mark, that – first sale of a new product can be very small total volume, so if we only track the new products and sales, it doesn't come to all that much and then customers go away for a year or two perhaps and work and come back, so that's why we think that the measurement of 5 years and younger is more accurate and that number is tracking this year for 65 million sales, which would represent an increase over last year by 28%. We're half way through that in the first half, so, tracking on to make that. And that can be up how much next year, 2002? Well if we can keep that growth rate, we will be very happy, because 28% growth rate is a pretty good growth rate but you know customers' demands are lumpy, so you can always get initial customers coming in with the strong order and controlled substance will come in next year as well, so I think we're on pretty good track to meet that. Okay, thank you. Good morning gentlemen. Good morning. The problem that you had at Salsbury Chemical, I take it there's been no further developments and are there other products at Salsbury? I assume you refer to the warning letter that we had at Salisbury -- Yes with the Amgen prostrate product. This came as a result of an FDA inspection, which is called a pre-approval inspection that took place in, I think it was April, and since we received a warning letter, we have put together a written response to the FDA, we have met with the FDA, we are addressing all the issues in the warning letter. Some have been taken care of immediately. Some have to be taken care of in a programmed fashion which is a normal way to respond to the FDA in a situation like this. We do expect a follow-up inspection some time in the third quarter and we are optimistic we will pass that inspection and also I should say that we don't believe that this has in any way impacted Amgen's situation – long-term situation with regards to the product. Is there any problem with any other products at the Salsbury plant? It was just that one product? Just that one product. We had an FDA inspection about two years ago without any points on 483 at all. As you know, we're very strongly committed to GMP and observance of GMP in every site that we operate. Right. A legal question, there has been a new law suit against Mylan which I guess from your standpoint has been taken care of but the latest one names Cambrex, I guess to get as many companies aboard as possible. What is your view on this situation with regard to any exposure that the Company may have? I guess you are referring the products lorazepam and clorazepate where... Yes. I think that there are – there is so called category of third parties out there which has not settled yet with Mylan. I think our position has not changed from what we had said in the past that this is a situation where Mylan has demonstrated that they are taking full responsibility and we are letting them take the lead in the defense that they will take all the consequences. Are you facing any legal costs as a result? Very, very minor if anything. Okay. Two other quick questions, the interest expense declined even though you have taken on more debt and G&A in absolute dollars was down. How did those two things take place? Okay. The interest expense: we've taken on debt, but that was taken on in June of 2001. So kind of cutting through it our average balance actually in the second quarter of 2001 was lower than the second quarter of 2000 on average, because we were able to pay down quite a bit of debt in the second half of last year. So we received the benefit from balance. In addition, we've had a benefit of rate also. Rates are lower this year by about a little bit more than 1% lower this year than last year. That's the interest. On the admin expense side, kind of two things. One, seeing that the quarter was somewhat a difficult quarter, we started tightening the belt on some discretionary spending, in particular we accrued less bonus this year than last, the management bonus. Secondly, we had favorable technology change which resulted in reversal of an environmental reserve. We have one site that's supposed to have one kind of treatment is found to have a different kind of cleanup. That and related legal expenses saved us about 900,000 net also. Are you looking for continued improvement in G&A in absolute dollars now? I think going forward it's going to be higher than what you see here in the second quarter but flat, flattish going forward overall. Okay. Thank you. Good afternoon. Just on your generic Adderall, if I understand correctly you are currently doing validation batches in your pilot plant and I was just wondering if you get the go-ahead from your board tomorrow, then how long it will take you to get up and running on commercial batch and when you think first point if you put a commercial batch into the market would be? And then secondly, just on the how many ANDA filings do you know are actually in existence at the moment or are being made with the FDA? Thank you. On the first point, we can actually use the pilot plant for commercial production next week if you want to. So building this facility is a way for us to free up pilot plants for other development projects in the future. So we can – as soon as we have the validation done, we can be in commercial business. On the second point, we don't track the ANDAs. So I can't give you a good answer on that. And so just quick follow-up then, how long do you think it will take for the validation to be done? Validation we expect to be done before the end of the third quarter. Thank you. First, I want to I think applaud you [ed note: audio gap when side 1 of tape ends] the, compared to last year that's pretty much what's in there and do you expect these levels, roughly 7 and 5 million for the second half of the year or does it go higher? First of all, thanks for the comments, because I think we feel very strongly that we have good business models and we have growth in those and we want to support them and continue to accelerate the growth in those businesses which are showing growth and we don't want to back it off, if it is on difficult terms there. We are, as Sal mentioned before, we still have a few open positions, although, most of them are filled, so you will not see a lower rate for sure. Oh! Jim's right [laughter] You won't see a lower cost but not growing at the same pace as before so, this is almost flat. So, it's a pretty much roughly $7 million quarter for marketing, sales and roughly $5 million for R&D a quarter in the second half? Right, yes. Great. Thank you very much. Hello again. Most of my questions have been answered, but a bookkeeping question on CapEx and depreciation on the quarter. Okay. Right. CapEx for the quarter was about $10 million. Depreciation was about $9 million and then we also have amortization as it shows there $2 to $2.7 million. All right. Thank you very much. Just a question of clarification, when you were speaking with Mark, if I understood you correctly, you said that your newer products in the Human Health area were growing at about 28%. So if the operation – the Human Health operation as a whole is growing whatever it is 7% or 10% in local currency does that implies that your new products are about 25% of your sales? Is that correct, that is 25% of your human health sale? Probably not – that's not far from the truth actually. I think that's just about close to where we are. Okay, good. Thank you very much. I think we are – Jeffrey we're beyond our 45 minutes and I am sure most of these people have other conference calls, they need to get ready for so. Okay. Excellent. Well, thank you all for your interest and attention and we will be back with you at the third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you.
Yes gentlemen. How much of the earnings shortfall that you talked about versus consensus in the second half of this year, is due to legacy, you know Fine and Specialty Chemicals businesses, and how much of it is due to the growth Life Science businesses? Mark, this is Sal, Sal Guccione. Again, we would certainly have more precision in Q3 than Q4. But, as a general outlook on it, I would say that in Q3 if you come down to kind of a cent per share as best we can, we don't break businesses out that closely. But, maybe a nickel is in the Life Sciences and in particularly in the Human Health part of the business, and probably $0.07 or $0.08 in the specialty, fine, animal and Ag. We are probably also, this is hard to calculate, but the terrorist attack, as Jim mentioned, impacted the Biotechnology business somewhat, actually significantly that week as it's turning out. Again, hard to calculate but orders basically dried up that week on us. So, it's a little more than we expected and there might be some $0.02 to $0.04 associated with that for Q3. The Q4 again, there is a range there and a lot of it driven by, at this point, kind of uncertainty as to how we see the order patterns lining up. But it will probably be a continuing trend broken down between the Human Health and specialty, fine, animal, Ag, the same way that I said here for Q3. As a follow up, when you talk about double-digit growth in Biosciences, I think in Q4. Does that include or does it exclude the impact of the Bioscience Production Corp acquisition that you made earlier this year? Yeah, that actually, certainly if you include it, it's going to be substantial growth, you know, higher $0.01 double-digits. I guess, often people think in the teens somewhere between 10% and 20% anyway, it will be certainly much more than that with the acquisition. But without it, we would expect it to be in the, again, hard to tell, but in the low double-digits. Thank you. Sure. Good afternoon. Good afternoon Chris. Hi Chris. Hi, a question. Can you address the, just the Praecis deal and how that impacts your capacity utilization and whether you are planning on sliding anybody in that facility, if you could just address that? I can take that, this is Claes Glassel. Hi Claes. We don't expect the Praecis deal to really have much impact this year because we had an agreement with Praecis that, that's a basically take or pay agreement for quantities. So, next year the indications are that this is going to take them quite some time; our best guess is probably a year to 18 months to fulfill or meet all of the FDA's requirements. Compared to what we have planned, next year probably will cost us about $0.05 per share and we are right now looking at some alternative projects to put into that facility. It is actually a very attractive facility for high containment products, and there is at least one customer inquiry right now that we are looking at very closely. I can't tell you that we have anything in the bag. Okay. And just as a follow up, in terms of your growth next year on the Human Health side, what does your pipeline look like? You have given some indication in the past on that. How much, in terms of revenue, do you expect to actually garner, looking into next year? This year we set the target to grow our new products business from last year $51 million to $65 million this year. These are, what we define as, 5-years or younger products and that's about a 30% growth rate. We are continuing to actually book orders and we see our plants being pulled way into next year in our pilot plants and kilo labs, so I expect we'll grow that part of the business next year. I can't see the exact growth rate but it's going to be probably in the double digits. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Good morning gentlemen. Good morning Dmitry. A couple of questions. First of all, the inventory build up you referred to earlier in the call, what business was that for? And, when you said you are going reverse it, is that going to be in Q4 or still in the Q3? There is 2 facilities, one in Harriman, New York, one in Bayonne, New Jersey. But, we'll see most of that correction in Q4 and probably some carrying over into Q1 of next year. And so these are Specialty and Fine Chemical products? Right. Okay. And that's going to, so you're going to be selling out of inventory so you're going to be impacting your variable margin a little bit? Yeah, a little bit, but more we'll see it with some of the fixed cost absorption. But the pull down rate should be relatively fast. Okay. I would say also, in selling the contracts the average was about a 1.5% increase over the next 2 to 3 years. Okay, okay. Can you explain a little bit more the weakness in the Human Health that you are seeing in Q3 and why you expect it to go on into Q4? And, are we talking about slower growth or are we talking about declining growth year-over-year? This is Claes here. You know, historically we've always mentioned the fact that the Human Health business can be lumpy and that's very much true in Q3 as well. We had some business last year that customers were building up inventories as part of pipeline sales for, in anticipation of getting registrations and introductions. In some cases they've gone on and they've gotten their introductions and they realized that they had more in the inventory than they had planned for, and in one case they got their introduction delayed because the company had to go back to the FDA with additional data. So you have some inventory situation at our customers which affected some of our newer products which also are high margin products. And apart from that you have the usual ups and downs on individual products. Okay. So this is unrelated to the difficulty of shipping Generics in from Europe? Yeah. Okay. I guess my second question or my last question is, given that problems at the Specialty and Ag business have cost you $20 plus in stock price over the last 3 or 4 months, which you can argue that you could given those businesses away and not suffered the same consequences. Has the timetable for getting or for selling these businesses been accelerated, is there a little bit more urgency or are you still going to take your time and find the right buyer and the right place? This certainly is important to us and we've had a lot of attention and effort being directed at that activity. We are mindful of the pain that that has caused. And we are not really taking our time as much as we are looking for the right solution and we've had several very serious inquiries that we've pursued in depth that has not, as yet, turned out to be the right answer. However, it is receiving a lot of attention, and I'll let Sal comment further. Yeah, I think Jim summed it up pretty well, but I would say that we have and continue to pursue options. We haven't thought to this point in time, and given the M&A market, that the best thing to do is just sign a banker up and say go do an auction, because, we are seeing properties being pulled off left and right because the buyers aren't out there. So, believe me this has top priority for us, if it didn't already it does, but it clearly does and we are working our way towards trying to find a solution for some or all of these businesses, however we can find the best answer. And, I think, you know, I have a number of people willing to tell me, I told you so, which is in itself enough pain. But, we were not in a position to move until we really had completed the Bioscience Contract manufacturing acquisition earlier this year, and we've got caught in the down draft. Having said that, these are good properties and we are not going to leave $20 million or $30 million on the table just to window dress this thing. So, it's a tough job but if we are still talking about this next year, I'll be extremely disappointed. Fair enough. Thank you very much. Thank you Dmitry. Thank you. Good afternoon. Hi Justin. Hi. Maybe this question is best to directed for Claes, but I was just trying to determine, in a range, what your pharmaceutical chemicals for Generic customers would have been, kind of, in the last quarter, year-over-year growth? Year-over-year growth? That's a hard one for 2 reasons. Number 1, again, the reality, we have July and August data and... Well, I mean you can give me, kind of, what it was rolling for 5 months with the last quarter? But if the question would have been without the impact, could you repeat the question maybe? Well. Make sure I understand the question. What's your sales growth rate given the most recent data that you have year-over-year for your Generic products? It's in the range of 5% to 7%. I just got an IMS Health report that discusses last 12 month sales growth for generic drugs. And, I guess, the top 25 manufacturers show 17% annual sales growth and the number 1, which is, I think, your largest customer has 34% growth. And I am just trying to reconcile the two different growths, is it that your products, is it the more mature products that are hurting? Actually, we've see a high growth rate in the last 12 months because we had some very significant blockbusters coming off-patent and that drop drives the top line for these companies. And we've always said that we've tried to avoid being highly dependent on blockbusters because they also tend to become very cost competitive very quickly and we've been trying to build a portfolio of products which have more sustainable, where we can have margins sustained over a longer time, and that's why we don't participate in that particular growth. But there is underlying growth that we do participate in. And we also have sales over in Europe, and the growth I'm giving you is the growth translated to dollars. If you look at the year-over-year growth that we have, it's more than 10%. Okay. So, year-over-year, in local currencies, would be 10% plus? Yeah. Great. Okay, thank you. Thanks Justin. Good afternoon everyone. I just want to get a better grasp of Human Health again on why the weakness that you are going to see in Q3 and Q4, in terms of is it drug sales, are the sales of your end market drugs slowing significantly that would cause this growth, and obviously, I am aware of the seasonality effect in the third. Or are you starting to see more, you had talked in the past regarding mature products that have had pricing competition extensively due to the Euro, is that somewhat of the cause as well? In Q3, year-over-year compared with Q3 last year, we did see some drop in one of our mature, older products and also in one of our intermediates which is a more basic intermediate, which both of them are mature, and that will hurt Q3 sales. Q4, it's really difficult to make any predictions about right now. We are still looking at numbers coming in, so we've taken a conservative approach in general terms looking at Q4. When you look at your 100 API that you talked about and the 130 pharmaceutical intermediates and you may have answered this for me, you alluded to roughly $50 million of your APIs were from the last 5 years. And does that give me a sense that the other 7, the other, yeah it was $51 million in APIs, roughly 1.7 you average per API, that's roughly 30. Does that mean these 70 left in your 100 are considered mature and older than 5 years? We are mixing dollars and numbers. Yeah, yeah. Oh, if you have a, you did a $171 million in API sales in 2000, and you comment you have roughly 100 APIs. Okay That comes out to roughly 1.7 per API. Okay. Claes, you suggested that you have $51 million in sales in API's within the last five years, that would, do the math, that's roughly 30 APIs. And, I wonder if the other 70, let's say if that math is correct, is mature and could have that same risk for the next couple of years going forward? I think, one thing that we should point out is that the $50 million in new products is across Cambrex, it's not just on the API business, it's both Intermediates and in Bioscience and everything else. So if you apply the math to just one segment it gives you the wrong answer. But that would also imply that new APIs for last 5 years is less than 30, less than 51 million? Yes. So, I mean, can you give us a sense of your, again, of your API list of, is it mostly mature and you know, what does mature mean? Is it that these products have been out there for more than 10 years? Yeah, I think, yeah, a lot of these have been out there more than 10 years. I think the difference that we have in trying to connect that interpretation is that many of the 100 APIs are niche products and are not subject to exposure to this maturity. It happens to be a couple older, much larger APIs that are made in the United States that have been subject to European low cost based competition. You know, actually we're seeing some recovery of one of those in Q4, and actually we'll see more of that recovered in 2002. So, it's really 2 stories, 1, many of the 100 APIs being niche products that go on year after year after year without any decline, and it's a couple of older ones that are larger volume that are bigger targets and have had that variability. So, just trying to separate that out, so Claes, you may want try to add to that. I also think that if you look at next year, we've basically taken our hits on the old products. I don't expect that we will lose anything more, so we are working off a base, which already is lower that base going forward. And I think another dimension to that Mike is that, you know when you get a hit on one of these larger older mature products it takes 5 or 6 new products to equal, just to equal the revenue although the margins tend to be higher once you've achieved that, we are gaining ground in that sense. Right. And just quickly, of those that you just described as very large mature products would you suggest that that's less than 10% of the APIs that you are working with? Yes. Okay, thank you. By now it is. Okay. Okay, thanks Mike. Sal, can you clarify for us as we approach 2002, exactly what this amortization change is going to do. It looks like you are doing $2.7 million per quarter that gets you to $12 million for the year '01. And I'm still really unclear as to what an '02 amortization number looks like as a result of FAS 142? Yeah Mike. Yes, I don't have the exact calculation in front of me but as you know, it has to do with a certain portion of things that are amortized, goodwill with indefinite life. The calculation that we're doing right now, it's looking like '02 to '01, there will be a reduction in amortization of about $0.25 per share. I can get you more exact details, but essentially, the whole thing doesn't drop to the bottom line, a) because of taxes, b) because of some, some will continue to be amortized going forward. And again, that was not included in the guidance that you mentioned a few minutes ago about double digit? That's correct. That we're talking right now basis of this year's type accounting; that would be over and above what we expect for next year, about a quarter, $0.25. Speaking of next year, we haven't talked at all, Jim, about expense reductions across Cambrex to cope with a very horrible world economy that might stay that way for a long time; can you tell us what idea you have about that? Yeah, maybe I went over it a little quickly Mike, we've targeted $10 million pre-tax, that may not sound like a lot compared to some of the bigger companies and what they are talking about. But, for us, it's something we know we can achieve, it's from the top all the way to the bottom, it's SG&A, it's the discretionary spending. We have some other smaller but poorly performing products that we will be rationalizing. We see good gains from our web-based or e-purchasing and so it is items of nickels and dimes, thousands, and hundreds of thousands of dollars are all combining to get that kind of savings for full year of 2002. I must have been distracted, you did mention that, but thanks for the details. You are welcome. Hi, good afternoon. Good afternoon. Hi Jeff. In terms of the Human Health business in Q4, I take it that the volumes will be lower year-over-year. And can you disentangle how much has to do with the change in the business climate and how much is just simply, you know, you had a strong order pattern in the last year and it's a little bit lumpy? I don't think we can say whether volumes will be lower or not. We are still looking at the quarter, we don't have a forecast for the whole quarter as such, but, I think, the volumes will be up. Well, it's just that what I was trying to do was use my numbers to back into the range that you've given for Q4. And in order to get into that range I certainly, you know, I would imagine would have weak performance in that area. Either that or your specialty businesses would be way off? Yeah, I think you should, Sal, you've got some more analysis on those numbers. Yeah, I think right now Jeff, if you look, maybe a better way to look at it is almost sequentially from this Q3. Sure. And again, to look at a quarter out sometimes feels a little bit difficult in this kind of times. But, essentially, we are expecting some very good growth in the whole Bioscience, the biotechnology segment. And we're expecting Pharma Human Health to do at least as well in Q4, as they are going to do in Q3. Okay. Specialty-Fine-Animal-Ag, that's kind of a wild card right now. Let's assume that because of Q3 shutdowns and things like this, that Q3 is also as bad as it is going to get, maybe some improvement there. Overall, that picture is basically slight improvement in the Human Health and Specialty and Animal-Ag and good improvement in the Biotechnology group. The best we can see right now, that would translate into say, a $5 million, $4 million to $6 million gross profit improvement quarter-to-quarter, and if you run that down to the bottom line that will come out to more or less a little over $1 million to $2.5 million or so, which would be $0.05 to $0.08, $0.09 better in Q4 than Q3. That's the best data we have right now, recognizing we haven't even closed Q3. I understand, okay thank you very much. Sure. Yeah in talking to my colleague Jerry Treppel who covers the generic drug industry, one of the insights he offered was that as blockbuster drugs become a more important part of their portfolio, there may be a tendency for generic drug customers of yours looking at their SKUs, to want to maybe slim down their portfolio and they themselves sell a, actually a smaller number of larger products. Now, that could squeeze you a little bit with respect to your strategy of emphasizing just the opposite, small, small products. And if one of your big customers just decides to discontinue something that you sell into, that could certainly inflict some pain. Does there come a time when maybe you have to alter the strategy a little bit, raise the bar a bit on what you are prepared to go after, if your customers are looking at their own product portfolio? Mark, this is Claes, the first comment is that to the extent that this is going to happen, I don't think that the final patients will be using less of the drugs, it just means that the, we are supplying to several different companies, so if one company will phase out the total kilos being consumed doesn't go down anyway in any our experience. So, it may change a little bit of who we're selling to, but we will sell the API, I think, anyway at a higher price perhaps. To somebody else you are saying? Yeah, that's one point. The other point is on blockbusters, we haven't closed the doors on blockbusters and I think I mentioned before that as we look at the somewhat fragmented API supply industry, perhaps to consolidate the incoming years, we may end up making acquisitions where we get some blockbusters, and, if we do, we won't discard them, I think we will try to manage as good as possible. And Mark, I think, there is also a middle ground that as more drugs come off patent, we can raise our sights and probably will be asked to raise the bar or the barrier or the level at which we would undertake an API and expect still to keep it proprietary. That's a good point, I mean if after all, your customers say guys, you are not keeping up the pace here, are you a supplier or not? Right. It seems to me you almost have no choice but to pick up the pace a bit. Yeah, and what we are trying to do is, be sure that as we do that, that we do it with products and technology that we can protect ourselves from other competition once that happens. Because the bigger the target the more competition you draw, so we want to do it in a very careful and measured way. Okay thanks. Thanks. Sal, just a question on your tax rate behavior over the next 2 quarters, you've got this pre-paid tax program in Italy, does the geographic shift of earnings lead to a lower tax rate over the next 2 quarters? Allan, I'd say it this way. Right now we are at, I think, 28%, and as we stated, the answer is it could, but for the moment I'd say we are sticking with the 28%. If it goes in any direction, it will go down and not up. And then, that program, I think, went into place 2 years ago, when does it finish up, in something like 3 years or 4 years? Yeah, it was a 5 year thing so it's got another 2 or 3 years, I can't remember, it who was put in place 2 or 3 years ago now. Thank you very much. Thank you Allan. Hi, I guess I am just a little confused on your guidance for 2002, is that a target of double-digit earnings growth or a return to double-digit earnings growth? Well, we see it as a return to double-digit earnings growth. You know, we are just beginning the budget cycle and, you know, I think that what we are trying to say is with the things we already know of and the actions that we have taken, we are very confident that we can achieve that. Now, how that falls out between a return to double-digit or a target of double-digit, I may not still be clear on that. But, I think, it's some of both, maybe a part of it is how high we want to reach up in the double-digits as to whether it's a return or whether it's a target. But, if everything goes right, which it never does, we would be, I think everybody would be extremely happy at the performance. What we can see today in trying to be balanced and prudent, we are still confident that we will return to the double-digit level. Okay, so then maybe as a frame of reference, if I include the $0.25 of EPS pickup you are going to get from amortization. You know, we can get, using like a mid-point for 2001, we can get to maybe $2.25 for next year, somewhere in that range. Yeah, Steve, you are saying, using the $0.25? Using the $0.25. Yeah, I said, in fact, it's hard to be very bullish when you put this kind of announcement out. But, we would think we should do better than that, using the $0.25. Okay, and then, should those assumptions then include some sort of estimate of any kind of stabilization of Specialty chemical, Ag, and Fine or are you expecting some further deterioration there? How are your handling that? We are saying we can do that without any improvement in Specially, Fine, and Ag, and we know there will be some improvement just because energy is coming down and raw materials are coming down. You know, it's hard for us to visualize much further deterioration in performance. So we are not counting on anything in order to hit that kind of number. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Hello again, just a couple of follow up questions. In the Biotech you mentioned that you are going to get a double-digit growth, was it in Q4? Yes, correct. Okay, and how much of that is acceleration of growth and just new products getting traction? How much of that has to do with termination or the anniversarying of the weeding out program and walking away from the animal origin business? Well it mostly has to do with the underlying market growth for the products that we are in and we've put programs in place to accelerate the growth in areas where we had unacceptable low growth in the past, such as Endotoxin testing where we are up now at a 10% growth rate, which is significantly better than we were a year ago. Our Media business continues to grow and our cell business is safely into double-digits because of the growing market demand. So, I don't know, it's – on animal origin, we haven't tried to phase out of that, I don't know if that was your question. There is probably some of the Fetal Bovine Serum that customers wanted, we supply it, it goes in cycles. Right now it's hard to get and the prices are going up and it's a low margin nuisance product, but I think what we are doing rather is stressing media that is serum-free, both in liquid and in powdered media. Hello? Dmitry, are you there? Hello. Dmitry is gone. Hopefully he heard the answer, if not, hopefully, he'll call back. Hi, I just had a quick follow up on, trying to get a base idea where sales might come in, in Q3 for Human Health on a sequential basis from the Q2, do you see sales falling? You know, historically, it was down 9% in 2000, 5% in '99, roughly 15%, so it's lumpy on a sequential basis, but you are looking for a 15% to 20% down versus the Q2, is that kind of the.... You said versus Q2 of '01? Correct. Again, this is preliminary, about 10%-12%. And you had mentioned earlier that you felt revenue from Q3 would improve into the Q4. Does that imply that the gross profit margins for the segment, you know, you were averaging in the 41, 40% range, are those going to ramp down to, you know, would have to ramp down to 35%, 36%. And can you just give me an idea why that would be the case if that was directionally where it's going? I think your first question was, whether we expect some growth in Q4, and I think we are sequentially seeing some growth in quarters. How much, it's hard to say right now but we are expecting to see some pick up, and the gross profit margins, we are, again, not having the final numbers, so we are looking at preliminary numbers very much. But, as I mentioned before, we have seen some of our high margin products being delayed because of inventory situations. So, but you should probably expect a lower margin that we saw a year ago and even the last quarter. And when you say high margin, are you saying high margin API business, because Pharmaceutical Intermediates; the PI business isn't high margin really? There is a bit of, it's across the board. There are certainly some low margin products in there that we have, but we also have some very nice high margin products in there, so I can't give you a straight answer on that. I think on average, it's a little bit lower than the API margins though. And as a percent of, let's say, again your 100 to 110 APIs, what would you say would be, would you characterize as high margin in that mix? Anything north of 50% is high margin for us. Okay thank you. Thanks. Yeah my follow up was already answered, thanks. Okay Mark. I apologize. I meant a percent of the 100 APIs; you said 50%. That was 50% gross margin? Yes indeed, and that's what we regard as high margin. Right, what I meant was what percent of your 100 APIs are considered to be high margin APIs? You know, it not maybe as simple as that, because you've got to look at the dollar sales of each of them as well. I don't know if we do it per product. At least I can say that we certainly, I certainly don't have it with me here today Mike. 80% Okay. It should be, it's a very high number. You know, those, that whole segment except for a few of the blockbusters that came in with the acquisition of either Conti or Irotec, if you rule those out, which, you know, maybe, and I am talking off the top of top my head a little bit, but there may be 10 or 12, you know, the balance of those are all high margin products. Okay, maybe we can, that's fine. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Cedrick? If that's it, I think we are about against the time, unless there is one last call. Okay, well, thank you everyone for your participation and your interest. We will be to you in October.
It's Jason Fairclough from Merrill Lynch. Chip, you spoke a little bit about some of the structural increases that we are still seeing and the rate of increase is slowing but there are still are increases coming through. Can you talk a little bit about your thoughts on the economics of metal production going forward? I mean what does this actually mean for incentive prices for new projects going forward? Chip, it's . Just a question on your buyback program, 10 billion is a big number but 18 months is also quite a long time. Just wondering your thinking about why you've pegged out such a long period and how sensitive that is to commodity prices and what kind of commodity prices you are assuming to achieve that timeframe? Hi, Heath Jansen here from Citigroup. Two questions. One is you spoke about $23 billion CapEx spend so far, but clearly not all of that is in production. Could you give us sort of a percentage of that assets which is currently contributing to free cash flow or percentage of asset base which is as a total group contributing free cash flow and how that might change over the next 12 months? And then secondly just in terms of the stock that you have bought back so far, 6.7% of your capital, could you give us some indication about the EPS accretion that you have delivered out of that? I will think we'll come back to Heath on that one, yeah. EPS accretion... Just on the last -- Chip, just on the last, we have was the 44 to 41%, was 3% just on that one. We have a question registered from the line of John Mackinnon [Deutsche Bank]. Please go ahead with your question announcing your company name. Hello, Chip. Just a few questions, first one on petroleum, there seem to be strong and persistent rumors of the sale or a partial sale. Question, under what circumstances, would the Board consider a sale of the petroleum business as it stands today? A question just on operating cost pressures, you've indicated they are seeming to be easing. Are you seeing heat come out of the capital cost pressures, in more particular I guess the contractors, at all or are you seeing some let up in pressure there with some, perhaps some additional capacity? And just a specific question on depreciation, in regard to coking coal it was a pretty significant high, when you look at the numbers year-on-year it was up 65%, and yet the carrying value of the asset was only up 27%. Were there any specific factors we should take into account in that depreciation charge in coking coal? It's actually a fixed charge, Chip, but it pertains to a write-off of some assets in the . It's approximately $30 million of – it's actually a piece of equipment that we didn't feel comfortable in operating. It's a dryer for the coal on the way into the customer plant. And that's the main impact here. Thank you. The next question comes from Jeremy Gray [Credit Suisse]. Please go ahead with your question, announcing your company name. Good morning, Chip, just – could you just confirm whether you will be actually canceling the shares that you will buy back going forward or do we hold those in treasury for the time being? That's right, we periodically cancel those shares. I think just last month we canceled 67 million shares yeah. Great, thanks very much. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of . Please go ahead with your question, announcing your company name. Mr. your line is now open; please go ahead with your question. . A couple of questions. Just looking at your project pipeline I know you have a number of projects in execution in copper ore producing recent projects, but looking forward I seen no primary aluminum projects or copper projects. I assume there are some in the background. Can you talk a bit around opportunities in those two businesses longer-term, growth opportunities? Secondly, just you in your outlook started to talk a bit around Chinese imports and in the past you've made comments on different commodity markets in aluminum, thermal coal, iron ore, around trends going forward. Can you update us in terms of where you see those trends emerging in 2007 and longer term if you feel like it? That's it. Yeah, the growth prospects there I think... Yeah, sure. You'll recall that our practice is to only show projects in feasibility or execution on our bubble chart, and that is again what we have shown here today. Obviously beyond that we're working at a number of earlier stage opportunities that are in proof of concept or pre-feasibility. And I think the most important of those projects I can talk about – just briefly, in copper we believe that the Olympic Dam project will appear on that bubble chart sometime in the middle of next year when we finish the pre-feasibility study and we move into feasibility. And obviously we feel that that is a very exciting asset and one where certainly from a resource point of view it is not impossible to contemplate additional expansions of that going forward in the future. The second project in copper that I would like to highlight is the so-called Resolution Copper project in which we hold 45%, Rio Tinto 55%. This is another very exciting high-grade, probably block cave, underground project in the US. Once again early days but very exciting. So those two projects together with the embedded growth options that we have got in our assets we believe give us a very, very strong pipeline, and obviously we are in the process of ramping up two assets at the moment. Secondly in aluminum and I think the aluminum business has been characterized by triggering its growth embedded options in its existing assets over the last 5 years. I think within the portfolio perhaps the most exciting opportunity going forward is in the Worsley assets where we believe certainly the resource base will in due course, particularly if the capital cost environment slows down a little bit in Western Australia, will support an additional expansion. And then Chip has just spoken today about our efforts in Guinea where we are getting very close to an agreement to buy into a late-stage project where – which has got a substantial lead over the competition. Those, the main growth opportunities as I see them. Obviously they will appear on the bubble chart as we go ahead. Didn't understand the second question completely, but a few comments about China and copper and aluminum. I think over the last year we've seen considerable destocking in copper that has lowered the apparent growth in consumption of copper in China over much of the past year. I think we are starting to see that that restocking has got to take place and that apparent demand has got to pick up, all of which is positive for the supply demand. And longer term we don't see any reason why the – copper's growth in that economy won't continue according to the same proporiton to GDP to copper consumption that we have seen in other countries with a maritime economy nature. In aluminum, I think perhaps the same story with one small exception. Aluminum, China is likely to, despite fiscal disincentives, to remain an exporter of partially finished aluminum semis and so on and continue to use its smelting capacity to export. But again from a consumption point of view, there is no reason to believe that that growth intensity won't continue basically on linear basis at this stage with GDP growth. Tobias Woerner from Man Group. Two questions if I may. The first one relates to potash. You obviously have plants here to build up that business. What are your views of organic versus acquisition-driven expansion in this area? And that's the first question. The second question is a more general question, you clearly have decided to move on by the end of this year and some companies don't see this is an obstacle to making transformational deals, but maybe you can give us an insight into what your company thinks about changing a company prior to the departure of a CEO? Thank you, Chip. . Chip, could you or one of your colleagues give us a practical illustration of the detail that you go into when you are looking at supply and/or demand in your various commodities? Over the years you've been very good in giving us some insights, but I would like to understand little bit more how do you actually go about it. Thank you. The next question comes from Paul McTaggart. He appears to have just withdrawn his question. As there are – he has registered the question once again. Paul McTaggart, please go ahead with your question announcing your company name. Gotcha. Paul McTaggart from HSBC. I just want to ask about the buyback. Sometimes people do buybacks because they are targeting capital structure and they are making a statement about not so much the value of their shares, but use of cash. I wanted to get your sense as with the buyback, just capital structure or is it in fact sending a signal that you think the shares are undervalued and that's the best use of your cash? Thanks, Chip We have another question registered from the line of Ross Gardiner. Please go ahead with your question announcing your company name. Hello, Ross Gardiner here from JP Morgan. Very sad to see you go -- very sad to see you go. Couple of questions, first of all, price participation and through the TCRC. The contract has changed through the year, when are we likely to see that coming through on the cost side? You obviously talked about costs coming down in that regard. And the second one, and also said your exploration number in the cash flow statement dropped from 348 million to 304. We are obviously down in Cape Town at the moment, a huge excitement what's happening in the industry, and yet BHP Billiton is going backwards. Maybe you – as far as expenditure is concerned, maybe you just go through a bit on that, your exploration policy? And then the third one is, and maybe a bit parochial but Energy Coal in South Africa, we've certainly seen the volumes drop, not always Transnet – we have also seen that you are pulling out the contract in Optimum. And you just maybe could give us an update on Energy Coal in South Africa? Okay, yeah, good morning, Ross. Perhaps two comments on the TCRCs. The first is not to neglect the fact that not all of the tons that we produce are open to renegotiation fully, and we do have some price contracts that are priced over multi-year terms. So I just wanted to note that we shouldn't blindly just extrapolate from that. And then, just given the duration and time of contracts, I would say that it's between 6 to a 12-month lead time before those renegotiated figures leak into the majority of the tons and obviously that happens progressively over the percentage that is opened to renegotiation. Thanks, Chip. Good day, Ross, and just to cover off on Energy Coal in South Africa. In recent times, Bob Kirkby had mentioned these assets were in a mid-life crisis and so on, and that there was a need to stabilize the operations. That's certainly taken place over the last six months or so. If you see the EBIT numbers they have improved from the period-on-period comparison with zero last year and about 35 million of EBIT this year. Now, that's for a lot of reasons but it's – but it is stabilizing, and they are moving now to the phase of ongoing improvement and stability in those operations. Second thing to point out is that we have put into position there in running that business Wayne Isaacs, who is one of our most qualified deep experience miner both in underground mining and in open cut. Wayne has previously run the Illawarra caol assets, he ran the EKATI Diamond assets and he has also run the Navajo, the New Mexico coal mines. So, he is a very good resource, and he is now in place heading up those assets. We are going through some processes to rationalize some of the holding in terms of the Koornfontein sale and the process around Optimum, but also we've got some good growth prospects for the Douglas-Middleburg optimization projects. So, all in all I think we're in the process now of continuing that improvement. The guys are working very hard at getting those incremental runs on the board, and I think soon as we can move into – or the sooner we can move into the phase of having a positive motivation in front of that team in terms of some of the project work, I think we'll see even more improvement. So, we remain very strongly committed to those assets and to that precinct. There's obviously a lot of good resource, and we'd be very happy to be participating there in the longer term. Good morning, Sylvain Brunet with Exane BNP Paribas. Two quick questions, first one on met coal, I was just after some color on the profitability as we find a lower change in profitability compared to the 8% drop in the coking coal price. And second question on free cash flow generation, if I look at the simple indicator which is the free cash flow to EBITDA, compared to the former years we find a much lower number in first half. So my question is could we get some color on that and should we expect a catch-up in the second half? Thank you. Okay thanks, Chip. Yeah Sylvain, the – I guess the key thing with the metallurgical coal business and perhaps one of the distinguishing differences is that China is essentially self-sufficient in metallurgical coal. And so the degree of both penetration of that market, but also the impact on the broader market of Chinese demand, is far less apparent in the metallurgical coal area. If we go into – and you've see that in the last two years really where prices have come off of what was a quite high peak two years ago and they've come down in each of the last two years in response to that situation. If I go to the cost structures, I think a couple of things that are at play there. Probably the biggest challenge in the Queensland coal operations is the high strip ratios and also some unfavorable impacts from the strengthening of the Australian dollar, and underlying inflation and so on. But the, if you look at the volumes, the volumes are up year-on-year, and we are well placed. And also we have some very good growth prospects available to us in Queensland coal, but also in – you see Maruwai there with a small pilot project coming early. It should be in operation next year, next calendar year, and then a bigger project coming out into the future. So, all up, I think you are seeing price revert to something a little bit more realistic in the longer term. And we are continuing to work on our cost structures, but stripping ratios are probably the key issue in Queensland. Okay. Sylvain, I will handle the cash flow and I hope to help you understand in there. Of course the cash working profit is the main component there and that will depend on the whole bunch of factors, but in terms of ratios what we are seeing on this half as well was a substantive pay of dividends from some of the subsidiaries that we would like to see that same level of pay on the second half. So, you would expect a lower ratio on the second half. Nick Hatch from Investec. Chip, I have got three questions for you. First of all I am intrigued about what you said about potash and I was wondering whether you could perhaps outline the business strategy for the Diamonds and Specialty Products business going forward? It has been a bit of a backwater in the portfolio in recent years, maybe you can just outline how that's going to develop? Secondly, if you could give us an update please on where Cabrillo Port is at the moment? And then thirdly, given your profile in energy and in aluminum, do you see any opportunities at the moment for using any of your energy assets for providing obviously energy inputs into expanding your aluminum business and how do you see the general dynamics of stranded power at the moment? Yeah, perhaps on Diamonds and Specialty Products first just again, in that pipeline of those 200 projects and so on, just to emphasize some of the things that are in there obviously include the exploration activities in Angola, where we've spoken before we went in very early. And we think that we're probably one of the most advanced parties there, and we continue to be very optimistic about growing our diamond business from one mine to multiple mines over the next couple years. Similarly speaking, given the synergies that we've got available in Mozambique through the operation of the Mozal smelter, which gives us an operating presence there, obviously that has completely changed the way that one can look at the Corridor Sands project that we inherited from WMC. And again, that is progressing very well. So, both the businesses that we are already in we hope to add opportunities there and then obviously the guys are looking at new businesses as well. In terms of the aluminum and energy, I think that we haven't identified any areas where there is a natural complementarity between what we've got at the moment. Mike continues to push very hard on the Gulf of Mexico, which is where the major growth agenda is and where we believe that our focus for aluminum growing, perhaps smelting, is more in areas where energy is more naturally stranded. And so, we've been looking in other areas, and one of the comments that was made at the Indaba here in Capetown today was about what we are doing in the DRC [Democratic Republic of Congo]. So, we are more looking at those sorts of places. Michael Widmer from Calyon. When you are talking through your projects and you obviously – you are operating in some areas that are a little bit more risky than others or countries that are a little bit more risky than others. So, I was just interested in how you factor those risks in or how you price those risks when you make your investment appraisals or when you come up with a measure like a desired rate of return?


Yeah. Sure. It's a tough time for employees at Gogo, and they've had to make a lot of sacrifices. The pandemic's impacted us a great deal. We've tried to communicate to employees what the issues were as they arose, describe the process we were going to go through to make decision-making about how to – what our operating plan would be in the COVID environment and engage a lot of employees in building the plan. But as you know, last week we furloughed about 54% of the company. We've had pay cuts for basically everybody else in the company. So there's been a lot of sacrifice there. I feel like the company has responded well and employees have really responded well and been supportive, which has been terrific. And easier ways, we've had to adjust in terms of our production operations obviously. We ship kits out to airlines. We ship kits to OEMs in the private aviation space and MROs, et cetera. So we've had to have social distancing in our production operations, new safety protocols, multiple shifts to make sure we have redundancy and all that. And then, we've had skeleton crews in operating our labs to keep equipment up and running while people remotely work on developing software and that type of thing. And then the rest of the company's been on work from home. We've got over 1,000 people communicating like this, meetings all day, every day. And I think the team has done a great job staying connected and staying aligned, and I'm really proud of how everybody has done. In terms of customers, obviously, our airline customers are going through dramatic changes in all this and their priorities had to shift overnight. So we've tried to support them as best we can. We've worked with them in ways to save both of us money, and the biggest area for that has been around installations. As you know, historically, we've subsidized a lot of equipment in our older deals. We still have a lot of those deals around. So there is a cost of – a cost of actually installing gear on an airline for us usually and also a cost for the airline. So as they're trying to preserve cash, they really wanted to push these installations out. It's also worked for us. So we've been working with them to do that. We have very few installations now scheduled for the rest of the year and that in turn meant we had to go back and work with our suppliers because obviously we had outstanding POs and the like and rework our supply chain in order to bring our purchases down to meet the production and installs. And we've done a good job of that. We've taken about $80 million of purchases out of the system. And, of course, we've lost $40 million of sales to the airlines. So the net benefit of that has been $40 million to us. But that's been a good and cooperative effort, and we're talking to airlines about other things as well, but those (03:15). That's a great question. I think it's some of both. If you really look at what IFC customers want, right, they want a global coverage. They want – and if you want global coverage, they want a very high quality session, higher quality than we have today. They like low latency because of the – low latency will bring much speedier service. Today, we go via a GEO satellite, that's a long trip for the radio waves to make and deliver something that's very real time. So they want low latency solutions et cetera. And they all want it all cheap airlines and customers, passengers want cheap, cheap very high quality service with great coverage. And frankly, the only way to do that is by being a much, I think, bigger company than any of us in the industry are today. And I think that needs some horizontal integration in order to bring scale because if we're going to have a global network, you've got to fill that with a lot of airplanes. And I think some vertical integration frankly to take the friction out of the operator and service provider, different layers and margin and technical inefficiencies that happen between those layers that we have today, and it will bring more efficiency to the system and lower costs and higher quality to the customer. So I think this needs to be bigger both horizontally and vertically ultimately. I'm not sure there needs to be new equity coming in. There may need to be. But there are some people that are getting C-band proceeds, for instance, there are others that have other sources of capital coming into their companies. And frankly, if you take the right cost out quickly enough and in combination you might be able to have a more cash flow positive entity as a result of a combination. I think at that time, ultimately, It was hard for a potential – well, first of all, there were one set of players who wanted to just sort of buy us cheap and that was the end of any upside for our stockholders. So we didn't really want to do that. Today, our optimal solution would be – in our CA business would be a combination where we had a meaningful role, our stockholders still had a meaningful role in the upside of IFC because we believe in that upside long term. There'd be an entity that had financial security, so it was well capitalized and where the combination brought some kind of product advantage like low latency or something along those lines. So back then, we didn't really find that type of a combination. There were (06:33) that wanted to buy us outright for cash cheap, and that didn't fit our needs. And then, there are others that looked at us. We still have a lot of operational issues and a lot of other problems. You'll remember we had the deicing problem back then. So there were some very existential quality issues around Gogo that I think caused others to have pause about doing a deal at that time. Well, I think that we need counterparties obviously. We could – in any deal, you need counterparties in this industry anyhow. So we're not going to go out on our own and watch hostile takeovers or anything like that. So we're talking to a variety of parties and we'll see how that develops. Horizontal, the big play is that you get better capacity utilization on your satellite capacity. That's the biggest issue. The way the industry is structured now, the capacity utilization (07:46) you've got these peaks. You've got times. You've got satellites sitting there with nobody flying onto them and yet you're paying for it. So that is a real of this (07:55) economy of lack of scale, if you will. So the more planes you can get flying underneath your network, the better. Well, the only disynergy really is use of the ATG network. Most of the BA planes are on the ATG network today and the regional aircraft at the major airlines are on the regional – on the ATG network today. So if you split them, you'd have to have some kind of service agreement between the two companies whereby the BA business provided ATG services to the commercial aviation business. And that's the way it operates today. BA ATG network lives in our BA business. BA charges CA for megabytes at a market rate and that seems to work fine. So I think we're going to want to probably move the regional aircraft with the commercial aviation division because of the account relationships and how that works. But the service could always be provided by the BA business. Well, one of the issues in the industry is industry structure in the airlines in the US anyhow, they're very concentrated, it's a very concentrated market and they have a lot of negotiating leverage. So they're going to drive cheap, no matter what. And the problem is that they don't want cheap. They kind of want ubiquity and they want very high quality and much higher quality than we deliver today. And when you think about the real growth future, it's not only passengers, it's operational applications as well. And frankly, a lot of those you really need high quality connectivity. So I think that there's a lot happening in terms of the satellite technology out there, NGSOs, et cetera, that will improve the quality a lot. And at the right scale, you can deliver that quality much cheaper than you can today. So I think we can get there. Yeah, I think it's a combination of NGSOs and a lot of capacity – I'm sorry, a lot of scale in terms of the company that has enough aircraft to really adequately utilize the network and do so with good capacity utilization and that means probably spreading that utilization over multiple verticals because aero flies at certain schedules and other verticals are on different schedules. You really got to optimize your utilization I think probably across multiple verticals, which means you've got to be a big company that can attack multiple verticals. But that's again – that's a vertical integration plan. Well, the reason for that could be external factors, right? There's so much going on in the satellite world right now. What could happen with C-band being just one example. There's a lot of drama around the financial condition of certain satellite companies. So a lot of those things could interfere because they could change the balance of power, if you will. So I think that would be probably – those would probably be the biggest reasons. Obviously, there's just people can't come to a deal on valuation. I think that valuations are kind of relative right now. Everybody is down. So (12:09) hold your nose and accept that you're down and they're down. You probably can get a deal done. But if people can't hold their nose, they may not be able to get a deal done. So those would be the reasons I think that things might not happen. And then the second part of your question, Phil, was what's it look like if nothing happens? Yeah. So, first of all, we developed best and worst case scenario starting about eight weeks ago and life keeps changing pretty rapidly. So those scenarios have moved up and we keep moving them because if you don't dynamically do that, you're going to lock yourself into something that's not going to work. So we have enhanced them as we go. And best case we figured things were down. We had eight regions around the world and in most of those, traffic was down about 90% and that lasted two or three months and then it crawled back to about 90% early next year. That's I think too optimistic right now. Our worst case was that we actually had total ground stops in the US for the months of April and May and for the rest of the world through June. And at the end of those ground stops, traffic would pick up at about 20% of its formal level and then grow slowly back up to about 80% mid 2021. So those were the bookends we originally started with. Since then we've pressure tested on a lot of other scenarios as well, and we keep testing them because new facts keep coming in. So now, in the best case scenario, our plans are to save about $170 million. And in the worst case, we feel that we can save about $330 million, and we've identified where all those saves are me. We've executed on about 75% in terms of either, there are things we can do ourselves or we have counterparty agreement on those things, the purchases and installations being just like one example of that. And we'll just see how things go in terms of where traffic is going to go in terms of determining how far we go in pulling the various cost levers we've got to save up to the whole $330 million. Well, yeah. I mean, it's nothing we're terribly proud of. But to be honest, that cost reductions, if we don't see traffic start coming back later this year, the cost reductions we'd make are pretty draconian. And even with very little revenue and with the profits coming from our BA business, we'd be modestly – very modestly cash flow positive in 2021. Well, no. We probably wouldn't be cash flow positive in a better case, because we'll be doing more installs and other things and there'll be more investment. But, our longer-term prospects will be better. So, we think that will be worthwhile and it'll be close too, it's not that far off. Yeah. Well, this is all about jobs, not about saving companies. And, we furloughed 54% of our staff and, if things don't go well in the airline industry, those furloughs may have to turn into RIFs and so, with that money, we wouldn't have to – we would bring back the people on furlough, we could restore people salaries because we've had a salary cut across the board for those who aren't furloughed, and we would not have to go into RIFs. So, that's the argument. And, it's a Government Jobs Act in our view. We don't need that money to make (16:27). I am not going to get out over my skis on when to expect a decision. I will say that yesterday, the Treasury Department called to set up a meeting with us. So, at least we have a meeting now, so we'll see. Positive or maybe negative, who knows, we'll see. Well, our plan today, we've talked about our operating plan a lot which is the $170 million to $330 million savings and all that. That's part of a three-track plan we've got, we call our value creation plan. First is, operationally, to try and make sure that we're liquid enough that we could actually maybe refinance that and be in good enough shape to refinance it. The second track we have is this whole strategic track and we've talked about that some as well and, we think there could be a lot of options in that strategic track for addressing the converts. And then, the third track we have is a financing track. We don't think we need financing right now, but we will have to address the convert. We want to make sure we do that at least a year before it's due before it goes current. So, we are – we will opportunistically look at ways to do something about the convert, maybe financially, even ahead of another transaction. So, what we're trying to do is create a lot of optionality in terms of how we address the convert, both operationally, strategically and financially. And I think, we feel like there is going to be – there's a lot of different ways that it could be addressed and we're trying to create multiple options, and then take advantage of the best way to do it. Well, I think the best market right now is domestic Asia, probably domestic China. No, we don't really operate in domestic China yet. We are selling over there and it's a market we want to enter. We are in Japan domestically and that market, compared to others, is relatively strong. I'd say, the next best market right now, frankly is the US, Latin America domestic is way, way down and, Europe is not doing very well either. So, those are the domestic markets. I would expect Asia and US to come back probably before others. International markets are a nightmare right now. I mean, there's very little intercontinental travel now. United, American, and Delta have announced some new international flights starting in May, but very limited service. They're each serving four, five, or six cities and that's about it. And because of the difference in regulations in countries and quarantines and all this, I think, it's just going to take a lot longer to reestablish international flights (19:43). In the US, I'll say this. I mean, our passenger traffic on the 10 airlines that give us data is up substantially over April. Now, the problem is, it's coming off such a low number that it's not terribly meaningful in terms of revenue growth or anything else yet. But, it is coming up pretty quickly. And flight counts are coming up too. Well, right now, I need people on planes internationally to actually drive revenue more than I need new installations right. I mean, we just have almost no international traffic at the moment. And so, that – and we're working with our satellite providers, obviously, and bringing down our satellite costs and they are cooperating with us very nicely which we appreciate. But, we've talked about Rest of World before. If you just take the old plane count and if we could get to penetration levels, like we have in the US across that fleet, just with the rollover of our current satellite contracts and moving to lower cost HTS satellites which we've already signed up for a couple in 2022 and 2023, that business would go profitable. So, the real driver now for us is getting adoption on the planes again which is just abysmal at the moment getting planes flying again. Not installing is – longer term is bad for the business, but the short term, I think, it's really about – it's getting passengers flying again and getting the rollover and the cost of the satellite contracts. I think it's great because that means in the future, when they want to complain to their supplier about in-flight connectivity, I'll have a partner to get complained with, no. Kidding aside, I don't know what's going to happen at Delta now. Obviously, they've got a lot of competing priorities. Free IFC was a major priority until the COVID crisis. And, at this point, they've got just a lot else to worry about. So, I will see how that goes. Yeah, remember, today, we pay them a check, right? It's a turnkey contract. We get revenue from our sales from the customer. We pay a check to Delta. And in today's environment, that probably looks pretty good to Delta. Moving to IFC – free IFC which would require reworking our contract and allowing them to bring in another supplier is going to require them to spend money. So I think, it's going to be a function of when Delta feels they have the capital to actually go after an initiative like that before we'll find out what they're going to do about a second supplier or what they're going to do in terms of free IFC. Well, that's mostly a second quarter phenomena, okay? So, in the end of the first quarter, we had accounts – suspending their accounts. I'd talked about 900 and some odd accounts being suspended. And mostly in the second quarter, about 218 of those have come back. So, that's good and that's just in the last 10 days. The flight count is up dramatically the first 10 days of May versus April. We're up 200% over the low point day, but I think 60% or 70% over the average weekly traffic of April already for May. Now, obviously, flights don't drive revenue for us, but they do drive – they're an indicator of the utilization of the aircraft and, the more people are using the aircraft in flying, the more likely they are to turn their account back on and take it off suspension. So – and the other thing we've seen is a number of accounts, I think about 400 or so go from regular monthly plans down to pay-as-you-go. And that, if you're going to just park your plane, pay-as-you-go is fine because you're not paying anything while sitting on the ground. But, you do pay a lot when you get up in the air and get online. And so, usually, if somebody starts to fly again, they go back from pay-as-you-go back on to a monthly plan. And so, we think that's going to pick-up here in May as well. Coming back pretty quickly. There are some fleet operators in the suspension count. But, it's mostly owner/operators, more than half of that account number is owner/operators. It's about 55% Part 91 and the rest is Part 135s, so... No. I mean, I think, it's going to highlight what a durable business that is, right? Granted, we've just had this major shock to the system and things have turned down, but it's, I think, a pretty brief turndown in BA. And as that comes back, it's going to prove how durable that business is and how strong it is. So, I think we feel good about it and there's always interest in acquiring that business from both private equity funds, strategics, et cetera. So, great deal of interest always in BA. I think it's our crown jewel, it's a great business. I am not going to get to timing. I think that's a number we can get to. Exactly when, I wouldn't want to say right now, because we haven't rerun numbers out that far off the base we have now. So, we'll need to do that. But, you can see that we have a lot of great products coming along in that business, our 5G product for instance. We're working on other products. I think we'll be able to grow that business really successfully. And so, I don't think that those – that kind of a number is unattainable. I think it's very attainable in the next couple of years. Well, we're still on track for 2021 if we decide to stay on track. The competitive pressure to get something out has changed somewhat because the only competitor to that business would be a company that hasn't launched a product yet and is out raising money and I think, it's going to be very difficult for them in this environment. So, we have about $100 million committed to that product if we need to save money and we can delay that project if we need to do it as part of our $330 million in cost saves. However, we're going to stay committed to the program and if it's not 2021, it will be 2022, something like that, but so far, still on track Well, we're well into this thing and we've already gotten past a lot of major design hurdles, et cetera. We've got boards that are working that are – is are of key components. And so, I mean, from our perspective, the really big investment is going to be enrolling out on towers and that's where we can delay and save money. I don't think we're going to slow down on the actual development efforts though. So, I think if I look at our enterprise value, I think our business aviation business is worth more than our enterprise value today and I think that that business has got a lot of runway in front of it and is a great business and it's one I would like to own for a very long time. On the CA side, I think the way to look at it is that IFC is going to be a big business. Our CA business comes with a tremendous set of assets, we're the market leader, we've got market-leading product, we've got great capabilities, I think better than anybody else in the world on the engineering and software development around how you deliver this stuff. We've got tremendous accounts and relationships. So, that business in the combination has a lot of value in a combination that can become a dominant force in the IFC, will remain a dominant force in the IFC. I think it has much more value than – right now, it's got a negative value in terms of where our stock price is. So, I think there's two good growth businesses and that's how I'd look at it personally, right? I think I want to own both of these businesses for different reasons. Thank you. Appreciate it. Cheers.

