Thank you for joining us today to review the financial results of Bionovo, Inc. for the first quarter of 2011. As the conference call operator indicated, my name is Tom Chesterman, I am Bionovo's Chief Financial Officer. Also representing the company on today's call is Dr. Isaac Cohen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. At the conclusion of today's prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions and answers. If you do not have a full text copy of today's release, you can download it from the company's website, bionovo.com, or from numerous financial sites on the Internet. Before we begin with the prepared remarks, we submit the following statement. Certain statements made during the course of this conference call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements. The company invokes the protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of management. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in forward-looking statements based on a number of factors, including the factors disclosed in today's earnings release, and from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors should take such factors into account when making investment decisions and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that said, we will now summarize the financial results that are detailed in the press release and further detailed in the 10-Q when filed. For the quarter ended March 31, 2011, total revenue was $65,000 compared with 0 for the same period in 2010. The revenue received in the first quarter of 2011 was received under the National Institutes of Health grant. Total operating expenses for the 3 months ended March 31, 2011 were $4.9 million compared to $4.7 million for the same period in 2010 and $4.7 million for the fourth quarter of 2010. Total operating expenses for the first quarter included costs associated with initiating the Menerba tolerability clinical trial. The company reported a net loss for the 3 months ended March 31 of $1.7 million, or $0.04 per share, compared with a net loss of $4.7 million, or $0.22 per share, for the same period in 2010. The decrease in net loss is due to a change in the fair market value of the company's warrant liability of $3.1 million included in nonoperating income for the 3 months ended March 31. The company ended the quarter with $23.1 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and began the quarter with $2.6 million. The increase was due to the financing that we closed in February of 2011. The use of cash for the quarter included capital expenditures of $1.6 million as we prepare for the manufacture of clinical drug material and the initiation of the clinical trials later this year. While some of this will continue into the second quarter, we expect the use of cash to taper off dramatically from this quarter and future quarters. This past quarter has been a busy one for Bionovo from a manufacturing and clinical standpoint. For further comment on the current activities, let me now turn the call over to Dr. Cohen. Isaac?Thank you, Tom. As mentioned in our last call, the FDA accepted our manufacturing CMC package for Menerba. In that acceptance, prior to initiating the Phase III clinical trial for Menerba, the FDA requested that we complete a 13-week toxicology study in rats and dogs and submit 10 batch records of Menerba. At this point, we have initiated our nonclinical animal study and are on schedule to generate the data needed. In terms of manufacturing, we have now substantially completed the validation of our new manufacturing facility in Hayward, and are preparing to initiate the first GMP run within days. Once we have finished 10 batches, we will submit the requested 10 batches or 10 batch records to the FDA to assure them that we are following the approved CMC plan. This is a routine request from the FDA. On the clinical front, as you may recall from the last conference call, we had previously reported that in our Phase II clinical trial evaluating Menerba for the treatment of menopausal hot flashes, the drug provides statistically and clinically meaningful relief from hot flashes and more so, it was very well tolerated and showed no safety concern. Furthermore, we saw a very clear dose response trend in our Phase II trial, and therefore, we plan to evaluate in our Phase III randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial the effective dose from our Phase II study as well as the higher dose, in order to reach efficacy levels similar to hormone therapy. As discussed and approved by the FDA, in preparation for the use of higher doses in the Phase III trial, we are assessing the safety and tolerability of higher doses of Menerba in a 40-patient, 28-day open-label trial that has been accepted by the FDA. At this point, we have completed the manufacture of the drug product for our tolerability trial, we have recruited 3 clinical sites and we are enrolling and dosing patients in the study. The trial is proceeding on schedule and we are collecting the necessary data. Moving to the preparation for the Phase III clinical trial, we have qualified and trained 1/2 of the clinical sites. We are continuing to recruit and train an additional 20 sites over the next few months in preparation for our Phase III study. We will initiate the recruiting and screening of potentially eligible post-menopausal women this summer, and we anticipate the first patient will be randomized on the Phase III clinical trial in the third quarter of this year. The independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board for the Phase III trial will conduct 5 different interim reviews of unblinded data. We anticipate the first Data and Safety Monitoring Board review will take place in the fourth quarter of this year. We project all patients will be enrolled to the Phase III trial by the second quarter of 2012, and top line safety and efficacy data will be available in the fourth quarter of 2012. With that update on our time line, let me turn the call back to Tom Chesterman. Tom?Thank you. Our priority continues to be to implement the development plan that has been funded by our investors as efficiently and swiftly as is prudent. We have drug products to manufacture and clinical sites to prepare, and we are moving as quickly as we can. An additional priority is to identify and secure an appropriate partner in order to support the development of Menerba, as well as to execute a successful marketing plan. We are continuing discussions with potential partners as we have mentioned in the past. I will repeat what we stated in the last conference call though. Please be aware, unfortunately, that we cannot discuss the details of any of these discussions or negotiations until we have a final signed deal. Until then, it may look as if nothing is happening and that is an unfortunate aspect to business development. Thank you for your attention. That concludes our prepared remarks. We truly appreciate your continued interest in and support for Bionovo. We would like to open the call if there are any questions. Erika, could you please open the call?
Okay. Good morning. Thank you all for joining us. I hope most of you know me, but for those who don't, I'm Douglas Flint. We're joined by Keith Skeoch, Martin Gilbert, Bill Rattray.Before I turn over to Keith and the team to discuss the performance last year, I want to touch quickly on the director changes that we announced this morning. Regarding those changes, we've been clear for some time that this arrangement would be temporary. The question was always what would trigger the change. And what's triggered it is the fact that we've made significant progress over the last couple of years so that we're now 75% complete in our integration. And in fact it was Martin who initiated the discussion, saying that the co-CEO structure was increasingly becoming a distraction both internally and externally. That led to deliberation. And so with effect from this morning, Keith is -- has become the sole Chief Executive, responsible for leading the business as we take the business forward. And recognizing the critical importance, and I mean, that the critical importance of Martin's client-facing responsibility, Martin becomes the Vice Chairman of Standard Life Aberdeen, Chairman of Aberdeen's Standard investments and, of course, remains an Executive Director on the board.We've also announced that after an extraordinary and outstanding career of 34 years, Bill is going to retire from the board at the end of May, and we're delighted that he is going to be succeeded by Stephanie Bruce, who will take on his position as Chief Financial Officer, and we're very delighted that Stephanie is going to be joining us. I'm sure there'll be questions on this. We'll be very happy to take them in due course. But now, let me hand over to Keith to take you through last year. Keith?Thanks, Douglas, and let me add my welcome to Standard Life Aberdeen's 2018 Finals Presentation. In a moment, we'll hear from Martin on the market, client and customer background that helped shape the results. Bill is going to take us through, as usual, the detailed financial results. And I'll come back and update on our strategic progress. But what I thought I'd do to kick things off was give a brief overview of the results and how we performed on what we think was one of the most challenging years for the industry in over a decade.Our reaction to that challenging year as a management team was to continue to focus on what we can control to deliver our strategic transformation and achieve our long-run ambition of creating a world-class investment company. And I believe, and the team believes, that today's results do provide evidence of that progress.Our resilient performance that left adjusted profit for continuing operations broadly flat, we believe, was built on strong foundations. First, our focus on financial discipline reduced operating expenses by 10%, helped by the fact that our integration program is 75% complete and ahead of schedule. Second, we continue to build strong relationships with our clients and customers. Investment performance is starting to show signs of improvement. And our gross flows in a difficult year actually increased by 4%. We remain ranked in 43 Institutional strategies by consultants, and we now have access as a result of the Virgin Money JV, our new relationship with Phoenix, to around 16 million potential Retail customers. Third, we continue to invest in our future through adopting shared values, through innovative fund launches and bolt-on acquisitions to bolster our extensive investment capabilities. Finally, we remain very focused on creating value for our shareholders as we reshape our business to take advantage of the forces that continue to disrupt the industry. To that end, in a very challenging environment, we also completed the transformation in 2018 to a capital-light business, returned over GBP 1.3 billion of capital to shareholders, maintained our dividend and through the offer for sale in India continued to reshape our strong balance sheet to the benefit -- for the benefit of shareholders. At that point, I'll hand over to Martin.Thank you, Keith. Let me add my welcome to everyone here as well. I've just got a few slides just talking about the state of the industry, a bit of an overview on how we're doing. I think we're pretty well positioned, as you can see from this slide 2 -- I thought the thing -- the podium was just about to fall down. That would have been a bad thing, surely, for the results presentation. As you can see, and I'll show you a slide in a minute, we are a global business with offices all around the world. We're very, very well diversified through our investment capabilities. And again, that will come through in the presentation. We're close to our clients. And again, you'll see that when we show you our global coverage as an organization. Strong balance sheet. I often say we've got the strongest balance sheet of any asset manager, of any investment company in the world. And I think the sale of the Indian stake or part of the sale of the Indian stake has shown what a great investment it's been by our forefathers. And that we managed to get it away at a -- such a tight discount, I think has been -- has shown that there is real value on the balance sheet. And finally, we are very focused on shareholder value, focused on the efficiency of the balance sheet, maximizing value for shareholders and we can see that by the buyback we've done. We're halfway through the GBP 750 million of the second phase of the buyback after the GBP 1 billion being returned to shareholders. So very, very focused on shareholder value. And hence, the importance I think of the dividend announcement today, holding the dividend during this period of change in the industry.I promised to show you the strong platform that we have to grow globally. We've even got offices in Ayr and Reading and Basingstoke and places like that, where, obviously, our very, very important platform business in 1825, our advice business, are run out of these offices.As you can see, 54 operating locations, clients in over 80 countries in the world and we have 500 specialists working with those clients. And very importantly, some very strong strategic relationships: Mitsubishi, LBG, HDFC, TEDA, Sumitomo Mitsui, Phoenix Group, John Hancock, Manulife, Bosera, Challenger and, finally, Virgin Money, just to name a few. And these strategic relationships are vital for us in the distribution game of distributing our product. And just to put the -- our figures in context. These figures that we had the gross flow figures I think were pretty outstanding in a year where you can see the industry took -- had a difficult year. With quarter 4 2018, you can see the size of the outflows that the industry suffered. Q1 so far has been better than Q4 2018. But it's also going to be a tough start to the year. But to a certain extent, this vindicated what Keith and I discussed way back in January 2017 as to why we should merge the businesses. We were absolutely clear that this industry was going to become tougher and, hence, the reason for the merger that we did in 2017.As I said, we could see -- we predicted these sort of things would happen in the industry. And I describe it as seismic shifts, seismic challenges to our industry. The first one is the shift to passives. Now I don't need to tell any of you in this room that, that is still unrelenting. We are still seeing a massive move to passive. Even though the final quarter of 2018 brought the benefits of active fund management through, we're still going to see that.Now if we think -- and I will come back to pricing in a minute. But if we think pricing is under pressure in the active space, I can assure you in the passive space it is even more marked. And we are seeing downward pressure on fees. But in passive, it's going to 0. So it's also seeing huge headwinds. The other thing we're seeing globally is from our big clients, the sovereign wealth funds, is this growth in new active investing, moving from public markets to private markets. We need to be on the -- we need to change our business, which is what we've been doing to gain more expertise in private markets so that when our clients do move from public to private we're -- we can get our share of that. And if you look at where the flows are going globally, you can see the big winners: Partners Groups, the Blackstones, the people that are big in this new active investing space.All of that leads, as I've said many times, to the need for scale. And I still think that's going to be the other headwind that we have. Scale is going to be important. Those in the middle ground are going to find it tougher and tougher. But as I've said many times, it's a great place for boutiques. If you're starting again, you would start a boutique, work in the West End, able to go for lunch, do your shopping. Much better than running, I can assure you, a global long-only asset manager. But -- and then finally, I think the other thing we've got the unsort of sung part of the business is the Standard Life brand and the importance of individual savings. And these platforms we have, which I'll come onto in a minute, are vitally important to us. So the access to Retail customers and technology is going to be very, very important for us going forward. Flows. I mean, like other active fund managers, we are seeing outflows. They look astonishingly high figures. But when you look at them as a percentage of opening AUM, it -- we're doing as well as -- we're doing better than some, not as well as we'd hope. And I've tried to show here the big outflows have been in what we call our big 4 blockbuster products, as you can see here. And the rest of the business is doing okay. And as I say, the growth flows have been very encouraging, and we're very hopeful of the relationship with Phoenix. We do feel that over the long term that is going to be a great deal for us. And continued growth in Wrap and Elevate there with about GBP 4.2 billion of net-net flows, which are very, very encouraging.Just my final slide. I said that the unsung sort of bit of the business was Standard Life, that fantastic U.K. savings brand. And you can see here how important that is to us as a business. Even in these tough years -- and they also suffered in Q4 as well. Even with a tough quarter like Q4, they grew their business. And as you can see, very good profitability, growing nicely, and we expect to see the profitability getting better as the Retail platforms get bigger.That's all I wanted to say, just give you a rough overview of the industry. And I will hand over to my colleague, Mr. Bill Rattray. And as usual, I will turn the first page for you, Bill.Good morning, everyone. You always make it so easy for me. You've actually covered some of the points on this slide as well, so that's...There's parts that's only gray as we know, Bill.So let me just pick up a couple of points here. I mean, you've heard Martin and Keith talk about the industry background and the flows picture. So I won't bore you with that. But really, just picking up on the results for the year. I know the focus is very much on the continuing operations. So we've dealt with that in the top half of the table here. 17.8p of earnings per share based on the weighted average shares in issue during the year. And I'll come back to that point in a moment. We thought it's important also to comment on the adjusted profit from the whole business because it's easy to forget. We did have 8 months of operating activities of the business we subsequently sold to Phoenix, so totally separate from anything related to the sale. When we add in the earnings from that business, we see that we had a total adjusted EPS for the year of 22.5p, which covers the full year dividend by a small margin.And you can tell, I haven't been doing this for long enough, I go the wrong direction. So just looking in a little bit more detail at that, the -- breaking down the recurring numbers -- the continuing numbers. Revenue, you won't be surprised to know is down is down about 10% from last year. We've obviously seen and understood the impacted markets and the impact of the net outflows. But against that, we've successfully reduced the operating costs by around 10% as well, which is pretty much in line with what we aim to do. We'll touch on it in a little bit more detail in a moment. So as you heard Keith say earlier, the adjusted profit from continuing to it is broadly unchanged year-on-year. And then if we look at the bottom table in terms of the diluted earnings per share, we've shown the earnings per share there separately for the different component parts of the business. I've already touched on the fact that the overall EPS for the year is 22.5p. But the interesting thing is if you pick up the 17.8p from continuing operations, you remember I said that's based on the normal accounting standard of weighted average shares in issue. But the action we've taken during the year to reduce the share count, if we now look at that rebased on a pro forma basis with the recent share count of just below 2.5 billion, that is equivalent to 20.6p of earnings on a new basis. So it's a very different number to build on going forward.Martin touched on the fact that fees are difficult across the industry. We've seen some reduction in blended fee rates, as I think we've flagged slightly before. It's a reduction, but it's not a drastic reduction. I think the Institutional and wholesale margin of 48 basis points is still pretty credible and certainly within the 45 to 50 bps range that we talked about a year or so ago. Strategic insurance partners is holding pretty steady, clearly at a rate that will never be as high as other parts. And the Retail business, the platform business, is holding very steady and, as you saw in Martin's slide, growing both in terms of revenues and also the number of customers on the platform.It's worth touching briefly on the below-the-line items, the adjusting items.I guess, starting from the bottom. Clearly, the gain on sale of the business to Phoenix is a pretty significant number this year. And again, against that, we have some ongoing one-off costs of restructuring and the beginning of the sale to -- the separation cost of the business sold to Phoenix. And one point I wanted to pick out in that GBP 239 million is that our previous expectations had been that the separation costs from Phoenix we would book as we incurred them. But accounting convention requires us to make provision for some of those at the end of 2018. So we have a provision for effectively future expenditure in the area of somewhere like GBP 85 million within that number.The only other things I would pick up, I mean, clearly 2 items there which are very much accounting related rather than commercial related. You'll see that the amortization impairment of intangibles is significantly increased on last year. This is a -- really the effect of rebasing or reestimating for accounting purposes the future revenue streams and the cash streams from the Aberdeen asset management business. You recall that although the transaction was a merger of equals, accounting standards required us to book it as an acquisition. And this is really then just an unintended consequence of that, if you like. So the important thing from an investor's point of view is that there is no impact in distributable reserves. It's dealt with through the merger reserve, I guess, is perhaps the only logical piece of how we've accounted for a merger. And the second piece also very much a technical issue rather than the accounting standards. The investment we have in Phoenix, which we acquired as part of the consideration for the sale, we have essentially marked that shareholding to market price at the end of December, which was something like 20% below the share price at the date of the transaction. Now the fact that the share price has virtually covered all of that [ loan ] doesn't count for accounting purposes. It's also, to be clear to you all, it doesn't include the weight of strategic value that we expect to have or we do have with the relationship.And just a final comment on that. The impairment of the Phoenix investment, we are permitted to reverse that impairment as and when the share price recovers. So assuming the share price stays broadly where it is today, you'll see a fair chunk of that added back in the first half of '19.In terms of the cost schedule, Keith mentioned a little bit 75% of the way through in operational terms of the integration. In terms of the actual cost efficiencies, the synergies to date, the GBP 175 million we've taken action on is about 87% of the original target we announced at the time of the acquisition, 70% of the updated target of GBP 250 million. And we're also well on our way with -- we have some additional cost savings that we've achieved in the year as well. It's not our intention to rebase the number to offer any increased number. You know that we're very focused on managing cost, and the intention is that we just continue to bear down on unnecessary costs and make more efficiencies as we can. So as a result of that and despite the weakness in the income line, cost-to-income ratio on the continuing business has reduced from 70.6% to 67.9% this year. The point to the bottom of it, the GBP 230 million of benefits yet to be realized, we're trying to link that into the second bullet, I mean, we've taken action on -- to achieve GBP 175 million of annual savings. The benefit in the P&L during the course of 2018 was GBP 120 million. And that breaks down GBP 40 million was a benefit in the first half, GBP 80 million in the second half. So a bit of complicated juggling of numbers. The GBP 80 million in the second half is GBP 160 million annualized rate. But as we go through 2019, we'll beginning to get the benefit of the additional savings. So the GBP 230 million that we -- I mentioned at the bottom is the amount of savings we will eventually achieve, which is not reflected in the 2018 numbers. And again, a very simple piece of math. So we assume the tax that -- U.K. corporation tax rate using the current number of shares, I mean that in isolation is worth about 7.4p of earnings before we reinvest in the business.The balance sheet, we've spent a bit of time reorganizing. I mean, as a result of the Phoenix sale, we took action to retire GBP 800 million of Tier 1 bonds that qualified under Solvency II as capital but don't qualify under CRD IV. We also took the opportunity to get bondholder agreements to convert the terms of $750 million Tier 2 debt so that it does qualify for CRD IV purposes.And separately this morning, we have announced a tender offer for the remaining GBP 500 million of Tier 2 Solvency II debt to try to mop up some of that expensive debt.In terms of the regulatory capital position on the right-hand side, we currently have capital resources of GBP 1.7 billion and capital requirements, as we've flagged to you before, of around GBP 1.1 billion, so current regulatory capital surplus of GBP 0.6 billion. And that's after having made provision for the dividend of GBP 340-odd million.So as Martin mentioned earlier, we do have a strong balance sheet, strong capital position. We have around GBP 1.2 billion of net cash in the group balance sheet. And that's roughly GBP 2.2 billion of gross cash, less the debt we still have in place.We have value in the Phoenix investments and value in the Indian investments. And sorry, just skipping on to the dividend slide. Really, that balance sheet is a key support for the dividend. I mean, the -- as you've heard already, we're -- we intend to hold the dividend flat at the 2018 level as we continue the transformation. Our expectation is that we will review -- continue to review that, and we would expect that to be sustainable as we get to the end of the -- this transformation period.Distributable reserves, as a final point of pickup. I mean, we have something in the order of GBP 1.8 billion of distributable reserves at the parent company level. So we don't have any concerns on the balance sheet. And with that, I'll hand back to Keith.It's a delicate -- it's a delicate down back page -- backstage. Thanks, Bill. 2018 may well have been a tough year. And as Martin points out, that market background probably remains in place for some time. But I think, as Bill demonstrated, we're financially resilient as a result of our scale, the strength of our balance sheet but also -- and that's what I want to focus on, the management actions that we're taking to transform the business in the face of all of those headwinds.And as I did at the interims, I'm really going to focus on 3 areas that we would regard as strategically important in my remarks; and that's investment performance, investment innovation that will take us closer to clients, and then I'll touch on capital strength. Getting these areas right is incredibly important because it helps us weather the tempestuous environment but also at the same time improve our competitive position in what's really a rapidly changing savings and investment landscape. Investment performance, of course, lies right at the heart of what we do, and it's pretty clear from 2018 that our disciplined long-term approach was tested by the market environment. Because I think 2018's performance can best be described as mixed, and that challenged a good long-term track record. That good long-term track record, by the way, is exemplified by an article in -- on celebrating the 20th anniversary of the ISA in FT Money on Saturday. The 2 best-performing ISA funds from the launch of the ISA [ wrapper ] in April 1999 were both from our stable, and interestingly, both invested in Asia as well. So there's a big difference sometimes between really valuable long-term performance and what goes on in the short run.And I think some of our issues in 2018 were undoubtedly due to the rather unusual return environment we've been operating in, and I'll come back to that in a moment. However, it is I think vitally important that we learn the lesson and we challenge ourselves to learn lessons from periods of underperformance. That's the only way we can improve our rigorous and disciplined investment processes, which, as I say, have a history of delivering good, long-term returns for clients.To that end, where our clients have recently suffered underperformance, our investment teams have continued to work on their performance enhancement plans with their focus on idea generation, idea capture and implementation. And we're actually starting to see some positive results. Our integrated research platform is up and running, strengthened by the appointment of heads of research across all asset classes. The Aberdeen Standard Research Institute is not only up and running, but it's produced its first piece of path-making research on social capitalism. We continue to attract new talent and continue to hire, actually from some of the leading names in the industry. We've also implemented a new set of risk analytics to both enhance delivery within our investment processes but, most importantly, make sure we remain true to our long-term approach. The competitive nature of our performance is underlined by the fact that we remain ranked by Institutional investment consultants in 43 strategies, and our mutual funds continue to be highly rated by Morningstar.We are seeing, as I said earlier, some positive impact in 2019. And that's being helped by I think what could be turned out to be a more normal return environment. Last year saw the heavy optimism about growth dissipate during midyear and actually culminate with capitulation in the final quarter, which did quite a lot of damage to net flows.For me in '18, there were 2 standout return themes in the year. The first was the lack of any theme. It was just a bowl of spaghetti there. I couldn't pick out any particularly return on theme. The second, as I'm sure you're aware, is if you look at the 70 asset classes that make up the return universe, 93 delivered -- 93% delivered a negative return in U.S. dollars. 2018 was actually the worst year in history. No wonder asset managers derated given their dependency on ad valorem fees. Before we all get too gloomy, I think it's also important to point out that 2017 was the best year in terms of return environment on record, where only 1% of asset classes actually turned in a negative return.I think the interesting thing is if you look at what's going on in 2019, we are definitely beginning to see the return to a more normal return environment. And what's important is the breadth of that return environment. So the combination of the actions we're taking and the improving grain of the market actually are helping improve our investment performance. That became visible in the areas of difficult equity performance by the end of 2018, particularly in emerging markets. We've also seen improvements across our multi-asset class suite. GARS, for instance, is up 2.5% year-to-date. It's always very dangerous to extrapolate a short-run improvement in investment performance. And to be clear, it's going to take some time for this to filter through to slowing redemptions, let alone improving net flows. But from what we know today, the process of restoring are positive, and good long-term investment track record is underway.Now while it's going to take a while for investment performance to impact redemptions, the headwinds buffeting the industry are already out there shaping client demands. Passive, as Martin said, may have dominated the last 10 years. But our sense is the real opportunity is out there in what we call new active, new actives composed of alternatives, active specialties and solutions. And according to the Boston Consulting Group, if you look out to 2022 new active assets will grow by around 45% or $17 trillion. That's probably slower than passive, but actually from our perspective, what's attractive is the size of the potential revenue pool. That revenue pool is expected to grow by about GBP 84 billion, with an average revenue yield of just below 48 basis points. So not that different actually from the Institutional and wholesale revenue yield that Bill showed that we're earning in 2018. And that compares a lot better than the 0 to 1 that you're likely to get from passive. We believe we have the scale and strategic strength in our capabilities across all those components that make up new active. Aberdeen Standard Investments private markets and real estate businesses now total over GBP 70 billion, meaning we're a top 10 manager globally. We're seeing significant client demand for our key capabilities and growing demand across the spectrum for private market solutions that combine not just the individual asset classes, private equity, infrastructure, real estate, et cetera, but we're also seeing quite an increased focus on private markets research and risk modeling that you can only do if you're a skilled -- scaled player. So that gives us a sense of competitive advantage. We also have scale and depth in the solution space. GBP 71 billion of multi-assets under management show scale way beyond the GBP 20 billion that we now manage in GARS. MyFolio, for instance, has seen its assets under management rise to GBP 14 billion. We are one of the leading managers of insurance assets in the U.K., something which is reinforced by that strategic partnership with Phoenix.We also have GBP 120 billion of AUM in funds that we would regard as highly active specialist equities or fixed income. And these funds are actually quite a rich supply -- source of supply for our gross flows, which, as you've seen, increased to GBP 75 billion last year. For example, we saw strong net inflows into smaller company products and specialist equity as well as the China Asia Equity Fund. In the solutions area, the continued inflows into MyFolio and Parmenion within multi-assets, and we saw GBP 3.6 billion of assets transfer across from Phoenix. With -- within alternatives, we saw good net flows across a range of European real estate funds. And we're also building a powerful set of capabilities in quants and systematic investing. And we have a great track record in what we would call our better [ meter ] product. And that actually deepens the underlying componentry of the solutions we offer to clients. So connecting our investment capabilities with changing client needs plays a very critical role in helping develop our innovation agenda, and I think we -- one example of the great progress we're making is in ESG.We've long been recognized as a thought leader in terms of stewardship in ESG. We've committed the resources around the world to embed ESG into our investment processes. We now manage GBP 14 billion of ethical impact and climate-related funds, actually bigger than some specialist managers in the sector and also have a very good performance track record. That served us very well in winning new business around the world across the asset classes as Institutional and Retail investors recognized the importance of ESG in delivering sustainable returns. So to some extent, our gross flows are already benefiting from the changing shape of client needs and demands. However, we have also long recognized that you can't rest on your laurels and, really, you do need to innovate, which is one of the reasons why we increased the pace of innovation. In 2018, we launched 32 new funds throughout the new active universe. About GBP 63 billion of our AUM now sits in funds launched over the last 8 years. That's over 10% of total AUM or about 25% of our noninsurance assets. Nor are we standing still. We currently have funds ready to launch and a further 20 in the later stages of development. In order to continue to invest in innovation that will take us even closer to clients, we will lift our current pot of seed and co-investment capital from GBP 400 million to probably about GBP 600 million over the next couple of years.So in the short run, it's clearly essential we tap into the shifting shape of client demands, and I believe we're well placed to do so. Over the next 10 years, as Martin points out, there's an even more important trend that brings us an even bigger opportunity, and that's the democratization of financial risk. That's going to reorientate the industry away from the focus on institutions to individuals. Even as we speak, Retail asset growth is increasing at almost twice the rate of Institutional assets. And over the next 10 years, that gap will get wider still, with the shift from DBD to DC and the long-term impact of pension freedoms. In our view, this brings great opportunities that can build for those that build greater connectivity between their investment componentry and the end consumer, who is and actually always was the ultimate owner of the assets we manage.We are in a very strong, some might argue, unique position to take advantage of these opportunities. We're the U.K.'s #1 nonbank investment brand. We have scale, with close to GBP 60 billion of AUA on our platforms that serve the Retail market across a broad range of segments. Wrap, Elevate and Parmenion mainly operate in the intermediated adviser market. And as I've said, we continue to believe the majority of assets will continue to be owned by customers that require advice. So we continue to work on investing and expanding our advice capabilities by building robo, or Barry will correct mean, bionic actually, advice.This will make advisors a lot more productive, will open up digital advice and bring in new customers that basically haven't engaged with the industry. For customers who don't need advice, we're building a very simple, intuitive my investments offering using the Parmenion platform. Through our strategic partnerships with Phoenix and Virgin Money, as I've already said, we have access to 16 million customers, around 30% of U.K. savers. And these customers will now have access to a broad range of offerings throughout the ecosystem from nonadvice, digital advice to traditional face-to-face advice, either through 1825 or through the 5,000 IFA firms powered by our platform, all of which is aimed at bringing us closer to the end customer and helping them invest for a better future.So as we concentrate on delivering all of that, I hope that the message you take away from today is twofold. First, we're going to be relentless in our focus on operational and strategic delivery. And secondly, as Martin says, we have positioned Standard Life Aberdeen to take advantage of the opportunities that the rapidly shifting savings and investment landscape creates. Our strong positioning is clearly underpinned by the depth of that new active investment solutions, which are there to meet changing client needs, but also the financial strength that allows us to pursue innovation and investment in our people and technology so we can deepen our capabilities even further.The focus on financial discipline that we've demonstrated this year will continue. We said several times we're already ahead of schedule in delivering the GBP 350 million of target efficiencies that are part of our transformation program. We've maintained our dividend, and we intend to keep it at the 2018 level while we complete transformation and continue to invest in the business. As we reshape the business, we'll also continue to simplify the balance sheet to make sure it's not only right sized but appropriate for our business model and shareholders. The offer today that -- the tenders today that Bill talked about and this week's offer for sale in India is an important step in that direction. And in India, it's particularly important that we reach the minimum public shareholding in HDFC Life. It's also probably worth just simply reminding you that as of last night we are roughly halfway to returning GBP 750 million of capital to shareholders through our buyback program and remain committed to achieving that target.So for sure, there's still a lot of work to be done to reshape the business as we aim to achieve our long-term ambitions. But we believe that building on the progress we made in 2018, we have the management focus, the capabilities, the financial strength to both capitalize on the disruption in our industry and make sure that's for the benefit of our clients, our customers, our people and, of course, our shareholders.So thank you. So Douglas, Martin, Bill and I, together with Barry Campbell and Rod in the front row, will now be delighted to answer any questions you may have.
Thank you for waiting. The meeting will begin shortly. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm K. C. Welcome to join us for First Financial Holding Third Quarter 2020 Webcast Investor Conference.Before we proceed today's presentation, I'd like to disclose the following information. Starting from December 2015, in order to improve corporate governance costs, First Financial has set up ethical corporate management best practice principles and conducting procedures and guidelines. For more information, please refer to our website.  Okay. Let's start with our performance presentation. Today's material can be downloaded from our website, and 1-year replay will be available today after today's conference.  And after today's presentation, we will invite Ms. Annie Lee, our IR Head, to proceed the Q&A session, and we will talk about 2021 outlook as well. [Operator Instructions] Now I'd like to turn over to Mr. Keith Ke to begin today's presentation. Keith?Thank you, K. C.Okay, please turn to Slide 5. Let's summarize First Financial Holding's performance in first 3 quarters 2020. After finishing a [ review ] by second quarter, the group faced another headwind in third quarter again and ended with an ordinary cumulative earnings of TWD 13.4 billion, which was 13% decline Y-o-Y.Despite domestic activities was relatively solid, overseas was still facing the severe coronavirus pandemic, which impacted bank's third quarter earnings. However, insurance and the securities had a good time this year to pick up some earnings this year.  The good news is that both NIM and spread were expected to rebound from fourth quarter 2020 since the subsidized rate cut over retail lending would be ending. Loan demand was pretty strong this year, especially for SME sector, especially for the tech industry. We do expect it would continue booming in coming year.  Coronavirus vaccine is expected to launch soon, and the trade war was also expected to ease up post the United States presidency election. We look forward to a more positive outlook in 2021.  Okay, let's move to financial highlights. Please turn to Slide 7. This slide shows group key figures. Similar with last quarter, most of the figures still showed contractions comparing with the same period last year, including net income, EPS, ROA, ROE, et cetera. Please take those figures as reference.  Let's turn to Slide 8. This slide shows the breakdown of group's net income. Total net revenue was TWD 43.4 billion, which was 7.8% decline Y-o-Y. And as we mentioned before, total net income of first 3 quarters was TWD 13.4 billion with 13% decrease Y-o-Y.  And Slide 9 displays the net incomes of major subsidiaries. Bank reported a TWD 12.6 billion net income, which was 16.2% decline Y-o-Y. However, securities and insurance both made progress comparing with the same period last year. We had already mentioned this before.  Okay, let's move to operating results. Please turn to Slide 11. On this slide, it shows group and bank's net income and ROAE. Group's ROAE was 8.19%, and bank's ROAE was 7.75%. Both were still lower than prior years.  And Slide 12 provides the breakdown of bank's earnings structure. Cumulative net revenue of first 3 quarters was TWD 33.5 billion, which was 6.7% decrease Y-o-Y. 23% reduced the gains on investment was the key issue to drive down the net revenue. As of the core earnings, strong loan demand offset weak margin to make net interest income slightly improve 0.9% Y-o-Y. Fee income dropped 4.6% Y-o-Y, which was mainly impacted by the depressed bancassurance fee income.  Please turn to Slide 13. Loan book showed strong demand in third quarter. Total loan book came to TWD 1.88 trillion, which was 8.6% growth Y-o-Y. SME loan was still a key for the growth, which increased 11.4% Y-o-Y. Mortgage also had a 6% growth, but we expected a moderate growth at the end of the year due to the stricter policy against the property market in fourth quarter. FX loan was 5% decline, which was mainly dragged by the OBU book. Overseas loan books stayed stable relatively.  Please turn to Slide 14. This slide shows Q-o-Q trend of loan book. Not only SME loan continued to increase 3.9%, FX loan also bounced back with 2.8% growth. Please take this graph as reference.  And Slide 15 shows the trend of LDR, spread and NIM. LDR continued to decline to 73.1%. NT dollar LDR was down to 77.3%, while FX LDR slid to 59.7%. Although loan-to-deposit spread dropped another 3 bps to 1.41%, however, the NIM stabilized the falling trend to keep at 0.99%. That's a good news.  Please turn to Slide 16. This slide shows the breakdown of Q-o-Q trend of NT dollar spread and the FX spread. NT dollar spread dropped another 2 bps to 1.22%. On the other hand, FX spread slightly improved 1 bp to 1.93%.  And Slide 17 presents the deposit structure. Total deposit increased 15% Y-o-Y. NT dollar deposit had 16.8% growth, while FX deposit also grew by 9.7%. Both explained why loan-to-deposit ratio was trending down. On the other hand, NT dollar CASA rate still stayed high at 68.5%.  Please turn to Slide 18. Here shows the loan book concentration of major exposures of specific industries. Please take it as reference. Most are similar as the last quarter.  Let's move to Slide 19. This slide shows the mortgage book yield and the LTV ratio. Mortgage yield stayed at 1.35%. Both new mortgage and average mortgage LTV ratio kept at certain levels of 64.9% and 46%. Bottom bar chart displays the monthly new mortgage lending, and the average amount of each quarter was stable as well.  Please turn to Slide 20 for the fee revenue. Total net fee income was TWD 5.43 billion in the first 3 quarters of 2020, which was 4.6% decrease Y-o-Y. Wealth management net fee income dropped 8.5% Y-o-Y, and the shrinking bancassurance fee income was the major reason, which we mentioned before. As of the non-wealth management fee, loan-related fee income increased 26%, but the FX fee income decreased 13.7% Y-o-Y.  Please turn to Slide 21. This slide shows the Q-o-Q trend of fee income. Again, it's clear to see that bancassurance fee income shrank rapidly to add the total fee revenue.  Okay, let's move to next slide to take a look at the cost side. Total operating expense was TWD 15.3 billion in first 3 quarters 2020, which was 1% decrease Y-o-Y. And the cost-to-income ratio stayed at 45.7%.  Please turn to Slide 23 for the asset quality. Top chart shows the coverage ratio and the overall NPL ratio. Coverage ratio was back to 515%, which was similar to the level of first quarter. And NPL ratio improved to 0.23% as well. Both figures shows that the asset quality was controlled well. And the bottom chart shows the breakdown of NPL ratios. Large corp. NPL ratio was down to 0.35% due to partially write-offs of Powertech energy we mentioned last quarter.  Please turn to Slide 24, the overseas profits. The pretax profits of overseas branches over total profit dropped to 40.5%, which was impacted largely by New York and London branches, the serious disaster area from COVID-19. Top-left pie chart shows the profit breakdown. As we said, North America was strengthened by New York branch. [ Solar ] occupation was down to 9%. While ASEAN and Greater China was relatively normal, which was about 20% occupation.  Okay, please turn to Slide 25. Group CAR [ parked ] at 121.3%, and bank's CAR and Tier 1 were also stable at 13.2% and 11.2%, respectively, in first 3 quarters 2020.  Okay, that's the presentation. I will turn back the microphone to K. C. to host the Q&A session.Thank you, Keith. Okay, now I'd like to proceed the Q&A session.
Hello, everyone, and a warm welcome to this Epiroc Q1 results presentation. My name is Karin Larsson; and I'm Head of IR here at Epiroc. With me today to present the results, I have Helena Hedblom, CEO; and Anders Lindén, CFO. We will have 1 hour for the call, and we will do, as we always do, Helena and Anders will briefly present the results, and then we'll do a Q&A session. I will take the instructions when we come to the midst of the presentation before the Q&A session. So without further ado, please, Helena, the stage is yours.Thank you, Karin. And also from my side, welcome. So thanks to all our dedicated colleagues around the world, we have many highlights to share this quarter. The commitment and hard work has led to strong results, not only financial but also when it comes to sustainability. I feel happy to represent Epiroc and share our achievements with you today.So despite the pandemic, the year of 2021 has started strong for Epiroc. The customer activity was high. And we saw good demand in our aftermarket in the quarter. Our customers continue to take decisions to invest in equipment, and we won several medium and large equipment orders. A few large ones above SEK 100 million, but several just below that threshold. All in all, we had record high orders received. The demand for autonomous solutions also remain high, and it's clear that our globally deployed and proven solutions have increased our customers' willingness to invest in these technologies. We see similar trends in digitalization and electrification.We also improved our operating margin compared to last year. In January, we introduced our new vision, Dare to Think New, highlighting our relentless focus on providing innovations that improve efficiency and safety for our customers. I will tell you more about a couple of innovations later on in my presentation. And to complement our organic growth opportunities, we create options for the future by acquiring companies. And this year we have announced 2 acquisitions, which is really exciting. The acquisitions are Meglab, a Canadian company with expertise in providing electrification infrastructure solutions to the mining industry, and DandA Heavy Industry, a South Korean manufacturer or hydraulic breakers for the construction industry. So a warm welcome to both companies and their employees to Epiroc.On the financials, I will be brief, as Anders will tell you all about the details later. But I would like to highlight a few figures. First, the strong order growth, of course. Record order intake at SEK 10.7 billion. And this corresponds to an organic growth of 21%. Equipment orders were up 55% organic. Service was up 4% organic, which is also quite good given the hard comparables in Q1 2020. Tools & Attachments was up 14% organic. Orders received increased both for hydraulic attachment and for consumables with the highest growth rate achieved for exploration drilling tools.Revenues increased by 6% organically, with growth in all segments. And we have had organic order growth now for equipment since Q3, and it's good to remember that the lead time from order to revenue is approximately 2 to 3 quarters. Lastly, I would like to highlight the margin. The adjusted operating margin improved more than 2 percentage points to 23%.I would also like to provide you with an update on the current status of the pandemic. So we should not forget that we are in the midst of a pandemic. And it is important that we follow the recommendations to limit the spread of the virus. And I am sad to report that we in total have lost 9 valuable colleagues. We and I send my warmest thoughts to the families, colleagues and friends that have lost near and dear ones.On the business side, things are looking more bright. Our aftermarket manufacturing and distribution is fully operational, and we keep focusing on safeguarding the availability and the supply of spare parts, rock drilling tools and other essential products to keep our customers up running. Transports are relatively stable, even if there are disruptions and related impact on freight lanes by air, road and sea. The impact from these disruptions was limited in the first quarter. On the equipment side, the deliveries and commissioning of equipment are, by and large, being carried out as planned, even if they were sometimes impacted by disturbances.So coming into high priorities then and starting with innovation. One innovation presented in the quarter is the Boomer M20, and it is the new generation of our most sold phased drilling rig, and it has unique features such as protected hydraulics, electronics and sensors. And in this picture to the right, you see it, but also in the cabin, one of our employees, and it's actually one of the engineers behind this revolutionary drill rig, 1 of more than 1,200 colleagues in R&D at Epiroc.Another innovation is the battery retrofit for existing equipment, where we replace the diesel ending with an electrical driveline. And the EST1030 loader, which is one of our most popular loaders, is the first model to which the retrofit solution will be available. And as I mentioned in the beginning, when I spoke about highlights, in addition to investing in innovation to support organic growth, we also grow through acquisitions. So Meglab will give us products and capabilities related to electrical infrastructure in mining, which is needed to ensure successful rollout of our battery machines in the coming years. And DandA will strengthen our position and offering of hydraulic attachment. And they will both contribute to profitable growth.Another priority is our aftermarket. And in the quarter, the aftermarket continued to grow well. So our continuously increased offering to help customers increase their productivity and safety is well-received by our customers. So we had strong demand for mid-life upgrade, but we also won several service contracts that will support our revenues for the coming years. The consumables were also growing well on the back of a high customer activity. Hydraulic Attachments grew well in the quarter too. So after optimizing the product offering in Tools & Attachments, we are now back in profitable growth territory, which is really good to see.Another positive is that our connected fleet is growing. Almost all machines sold today are equipped with our telematics solution, and we also retrofit existing machines. At the end of the quarter we had 4,900 connected machines. And this gives us and our customers valuable data and insights to improve the productivity further.Our third priority is operational excellence. And it's just much more than just cost savings. The supply chain program for parts and consumables with the aim to improve delivery service to our customers, reduce cost for transport and reduce capital, continue according to plan. And we are also working with improving our service excellence. We are convinced that we can always do things a little bit better, and this also includes efficiency in our service operations. And we have many, many more things ongoing around the world.If we then look into the actions that we're aiming at saving cost. So the program of more than SEK 500 million annually was completed already in Q3 2020, as you know, but it is of course relevant for comparison. And in first quarter, discretionary savings remained at a good level.So now coming into sustainability, which is included in everything we do. Financial results are of course important, and it's a good measurement of our success. But just as important is how we achieve these results. So therefore, in February, we launched an updated version of our code of conduct, which supports us to walk the talk. So by conducting our business in an ethical and socially responsible manner, while offering the best products, solutions and services, we will strengthen our customer relationships further.The proportion of women employees and women managers increased somewhat compared to last year. So we are around 16% and 21%, respectively. And we work hard to be inclusive at Epiroc, and this does not only relate to women. It's also about origin, culture, experience, education, et cetera. I strongly believe that diverse teams performs better.The number of injuries decreased, much thanks to our focus on safety and several preventive measures. Another positive is that the energy from operations as well as CO2 from transports decrease. So let me give you an example of what we do. So our Hyderabad product company in India, which is one of the facilities where we produce consumables, are installing solar panels. And this installation will cover around 16% of the plant's total energy consumption. And we have several products like this around the world. So all in all, we have a positive trend for people and planet, so well done to the organization. So Anders, would you like to take us through the financials, please?Thank you, Helena. Let me start with profit. So the adjusted operating margin was strong at 23%. So then let's take a look at the details. Year-on-year, the operating profit was down 3% to SEK 1,867 million, but the adjusted operating profit increased 5% to SEK 2.16 billion and a margin of 23.0%, not far from the record level achieved in Q4 of 23.2%. As you know, the Epiroc shares have performed well in the first quarter. And this means we had a change in the provision for share-based long-term incentive programs of SEK 149 million. This affecting comparability. When the share price goes up, the provision increases and vice versa.The operating profit was positively impacted by increased revenue, volumes and cost savings but negatively impacted by the currency. In the bridge, we see a contribution of more than SEK 300 million from volumes and cost savings. And this supported the margin with more than 2 percentage points. Currency was negative with nearly SEK 200 million, but with no effect on the margin as the top line was also negatively impacted by currency. The structured part of minus SEK 180 million in the bridge is mainly an effect of the changes in the provisions for incentive program. As I mentioned earlier, this was negative SEK 149 million this year and positive SEK 65 million last year. We also had some restructuring costs last year. Again, if we adjust for the changes in provision for LTIs, we come to an operating margin of 23%.In Equipment & Service, we had a strong organic order development again this quarter with 25% organic growth. Equipment was up 55% organically year-on-year. And it was a good underlying demand for equipment, and we won several medium- and large-size orders, including the order for surface drilling equipment to Rio Tinto, which we announced yesterday.For service, the orders received increased 4% organically, which is good, given the tough comparable we had with last year. And the growth was supported by a combination of high customer activity in all regions together with our strong service offering. Revenues decreased 3% to SEK 6.4 billion, mainly due to the large negative impact from currency, which was minus 10%. So organically, the growth was 7%. Keep in mind that orders in service translate faster into revenue than equipment, where there is typically longer lead times due to the manufacturing and sea transport. The profit was supported by the strong growth and cost savings and increased 7% year-on-year. This in relation to revenues gave us a reported operating margin of 26.5%.As in the last quarter, we had no restructuring in this segment, so the bridge is quite straightforward. Then starting with SEK 1.586 billion in 2020, adding a positive effect of SEK 262 million in organic. This means volumes and cost savings, removing SEK 186 million in the currency headwind and adding back the SEK 34 million in structure, we end up at SEK 1.696 billion. The structure is mainly the restructuring costs in the previous year. And as I said on the previous slide, this resulted in a reported operating margin of 26.5%.Now looking at Tools & Attachments. Orders received increased 2% to SEK 2.7 billion, corresponding to an organic increase of 14%. Currency impacted orders received with minus 12%. Orders received increased both in hydraulic attachments and for consumables with the highest growth rate achieved for exploration drilling tools. Revenues decreased 6% to SEK 2.3 billion, but was organically up by 4%. Also here, the currency impacted the revenues negatively with minus 10%. And I will discuss the profit on the next slide.On the profit, we did well, up 15% to the SEK 386 million, and basically it came from good execution and the cost savings. The reported margin came in at a record high 16.5%, and this was a great achievement from our colleagues in Tools & Attachments. The previous year included restructuring costs of SEK 10 million, and we did not have any of this in this year.On costs, we have lowered our costs. And if exclude the LTI of SEK 149 million, which is booked in admin, we end up with SEK 1.4 billion. Of course, the absolute number is lower due to currency. But even excluding this, we have lowered our costs permanently, and I see that we maintain a good cost control. Net financial items and interest net was also lower than last year as was the tax expense. Our strong financial position remains. At the end of March, we had SEK 16.2 billion in cash and a net cash position of SEK 5.7 billion. Now if the AGM approves, we will distribute more than SEK 5 billion in dividend and redemption in Q2 and another SEK 1.5 billion in November. So with that, we will still be net cash positive after Q2, which we will use to grow organically as well as with M&A.As you know, the Board has also proposed a dividend for the fiscal year 2020 of SEK 2.50 per share. And it is proposed to be paid in 2 equal installments. Record date is April 30 for the first installment, and October 28 for the second installment. And the Board also proposes a distribution of SEK 3 per share through a mandatory redemption. This redemption will be done automatically and the preliminary record date for this is May 17 to receive this SEK 3 per share.Now a few words on capital efficiency. Starting with the graph to the right, return on capital employed, the last 12 months was 20.9%. Of course, affected by increased capital employed mainly from the accumulation of cash, which is also visualized in the graph. To the left we have the net working capital. And compared to the previous year, the net working capital decreased 16%, of which 6% relates to currency to SEK 11.2 billion. We have done really good things to reduce the net working capital. For example, we are more efficient in the inventory. But having said that, we continue to work hard to become even better.So coming to the cash flow, a topic close to my heart, as you know. So what have we managed to achieve this quarter? The operating cash flow came in around the same level as last year, around SEK 1.6 billion. To go into some, but not all of the details and compared to 2020, the profit was lower than last year. Taxes paid were a little higher, but the main improvement is in working capital. We have reduced sales stock, but the growth drives an increase in production stock and in the payables, of course. And we also have -- continue to have good development in the receivables.So with that, I conclude the discussion on cash flow. And Helena, so please take over and summarize.Thank you, Anders. So if we then conclude the quarter, there is a high customer activity and investment willingness out there, which is pleasing to see. We won several medium- and large-sized equipment orders, and we saw strong demand for automation and aftermarket. We achieved record high orders received and improved profitability. Our cash flow was stable, and we have improved our sustainability KPIs around the world. And the organization is driving further improvements. We launched our new vision We Dare to Think New, which will help us even -- to be even more innovative onwards. And we create options for the future by acquiring companies that help us maintain our technology leadership position.So if we then look ahead, what do we expect? We expect that the demand, both for equipment and aftermarket, will remain at a stable high level in the near term. But please let me emphasize that this is a comment related to the demand for the underlying market activity.So before we move into the Q&A, I also would like to invite you to our Capital Markets Day on December 1. We will host it virtually just like we did last year. It will be a few hours filled with highly interesting topics, such as innovation, aftermarket and how we can continue our journey with strong profitable growth and value creation for our shareholders, employees and, not the least, our customers. Thank you so much. And over to you, Karin.Helena. Thank you, Anders. Good presentation of strong results, wonderful. Now it's time for the Q&A session. And we're happy to see that we had questions coming in already before the presentation started. So it seems like you're quite a few. So please keep it short. We do appreciate your questions, but keep it short and concise. One question, maybe one follow-up would be appreciated. Thank you very much. Operator, please open up the line.
Thank you, and good morning. On behalf of everyone at NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review the NiSource financial performance for the first quarter of 2016 as well as provide an overall business update on our utility operations and growth drivers. We'll then open up the call to your questions. Just as a reminder, we will be referring to supplemental earnings slides that are available on our website. Before turning the call over to Joe, just a quick reminder that some statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. With all that covered, I'd like to now turn the call over to Joe.Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As we'll detail on today's call, NiSource is off to a great start in 2016. Our first quarter results reflect the strength of our regulated business strategy and sustained track record of delivering improved service for our customers through our utility and investment programs. We continue to execute on our infrastructure investment strategy, which is designed to improve safety, reliability and environmental performance for our customers and communities. NiSource also made significant progress on several regulatory initiatives supporting these investments as well as enhanced employee training and customer programs. Today, we'll briefly cover our first quarter 2016 results before discussing specific operational and regulatory highlights. We'll also touch on how we're positioning NiSource for continued growth before opening the call for your questions. Turning to Slide 3 of our supplemental deck, let's now highlight a few key takeaways for the quarter. The NiSource team delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.60 per share in the first quarter compared to $0.57 in the same period in 2015. We are well positioned to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings within our 2016 guidance range of $1 to $1.10 per share. And with a strong start to the construction season, we're on track to execute on more than $1.4 billion in utility infrastructure investments planned for the year. Violet Sistovaris and our NIPSCO team reached settlement agreements with key stakeholders in both its electric base rate case and its long-term electric infrastructure modernization plan. And our Columbia Gas teams led by Carl Levander, filed base rate cases in Maryland, Pennsylvania and Virginia, and we received regulatory approval of gas system modernization plan updates in Indiana, Massachusetts and Ohio. On the organizational front, we announced changes aimed at further advancing our growth plan and enhancing performance. Pablo Vegas joined NiSource today as President of our Columbia Gas Group. He will oversee the 6 Columbia Gas companies, including leadership of state, regulatory, customer and stakeholder performance, as well as customer service, billing and new business platforms for all 7 NiSource companies. Pablo most recently served as President and Chief Operating Officer of AEP Ohio. With Pablo's appointment and the planned retirement of our human resources leader, Rob Campbell, Chief Regulatory Officer, Carl Levander, assumes the role of Executive Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Corporate Affairs, which includes responsibility for policy, corporate communications, federal government affairs, regulatory strategy and human resources at NiSource. I'll talk more about the significant progress across all our businesses later in the call, but first, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald to review our financial results in more detail, which are highlighted on Page 4 of our supplemental slides. Donald?Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $191 million or $0.60 per share in the quarter compared with about $179 million or $0.57 per share in the first quarter of 2015. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported about $399 million for the quarter, which is an increase of about $35 million over the first quarter of 2015. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations was about $180 million for the quarter versus about $193 million in the first quarter of 2015. Now let's take a closer look at the operating earnings performance of our 2 utility business segments for the first quarter of 2016. Our gas distribution operations segment delivered about $330 million compared with about $306 million in 2015. Net revenue, excluding the impact of trackers, were up by nearly $35 million, primarily attributable to increases in regulatory and service program, including the impact of new rates in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania, as well as the implementation of the new rates under Columbia Gas of Ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program. Operating expenses, excluding the impact of trackers, increased by $10.3 million, primarily due to increased outside service costs and higher depreciation. Our electric operations reported about $72 million compared with about $67 million for 2015. Net revenues, excluding the impact of trackers, were essentially flat. And operating expenses, excluding the impact of trackers, decreased by $4.8 million, primarily due to lower generation expenses, decreased employee and administrative costs and lower environmental expenses. These decreases were partially offset by higher outside service costs. As Joe mentioned, our first quarter results positioned NiSource well to deliver net operating earnings within our guidance range of $1 to $1.10 per share for the year. Full details of our results are available in our earnings release issued and posted online this morning. Now turning to Slide 5, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31 was about $7 billion, with a weighted average maturity and long-term debt of approximately 14 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.72%, down from 5.88% at the end of 2015. On March 31, we executed a 3-year $500 million term loan agreement, with the pricing of LIBOR plus 95 basis points. In utilizing the delayed draw feature, we have until the end of September to borrow the full $500 million. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of more than $1 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facilities. And our credit rating at the 3 major agencies remain solidly investment-grade, something we remain committed to as we continue to execute on our $30 billion and 100% regulated infrastructure investment opportunities. Going forward, our financial foundation is strong and poised for continued execution and growth. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure and regulatory highlights across our utilities.Thanks, Donald. We began 2016 by building upon the positive momentum that we've gained in recent years and maintaining our sharp focus on serving our customers and communities. For instance, in March, we became a founding member of the U.S. EPA's Natural Gas STAR Methane Challenge Program. Through our 5-year program commitment, NiSource will continue to replace cast iron and various steel pipelines remaining in our natural gas system. Since 2005, we've reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by 23%. As part of our planned investments, we expect to further reduce methane emissions by more than 300 million cubic feet, a reduction of 10% compared to 2015. In addition to helping reduce emissions, our well-established infrastructure modernization programs are producing other meaningful benefits and adding value for our customers. For example, we have reduced gas leaks on our mains by 9% and by 14% on our service lines over the past 5 years. This builds on the safety and reliability of our system. And we've continued to receive recognition for doing business the right way. In March, NiSource was named, for the fifth consecutive year, as one of the world's most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Ethisphere honors companies for leading and promoting ethical business standards in key categories, which include ethics and compliance programs. This designation demonstrates our commitment to serving our customers with integrity and the highest of ethical business standards. Now let's turn to a few recent highlights in our gas operations on Slide 6. On March 18, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania filed a request with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission to adjust its base rates in support of the company's continued upgrades and replacement of infrastructure and other programs to enhance pipeline safety. If approved as filed, the case would result in $55 million annual revenue increase. An order is expected by the end of 2016. On April 20, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approved Columbia Gas of Ohio's annual infrastructure replacement rider. The rider provides for continued support of the company's well-established pipeline replacement program investments. This order authorizes an increase of about $21 million in annual revenue related to 2015 infrastructure investments of about $185 million. At NIPSCO Gas, the team continues to execute on its 7-year, approximately $800 million long-term gas system modernization program to further improve system reliability and safety. On March 30, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, or IURC, approved the semiannual tracker update that was filed in August 2015, with additional revenues of $7.6 million, which covered approximately $74 million of investments through mid-2015. NIPSCO filed its latest semiannual tracker update on February 29, which remains pending with the IURC. On April 29, Columbia Gas of Virginia filed a request with the Virginia State Corporation Commission to adjust its base rates to recover investments and other costs associated with the company's ongoing initiatives to improve the overall safety and reliability of its distribution system and to accommodate increasing demand for service. If approved as filed, the case would result in an annual revenue increase of $37 million. A commission decision is expected by early 2017. A decision on Columbia Gas of Massachusetts 2016 Gas System Enhancement Plan was issued by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities on April 29. This approval allows for a recovery of investments through 2016 and will increase annual revenues by approximately $8.2 million, beginning May 1. On April 15, Columbia Gas of Maryland filed a request with the Maryland Public Service Commission to adjust its base rates so it can support the continued replacement of aging pipe as well as adopt pipeline safety upgrades. If approved as filed, the case would result in an annual revenue increase of approximately $6.5 million. A commission order is expected by the end of 2016. And finally, Columbia Gas of Kentucky, on April 27, filed notice with the Kentucky Public Service Commission that it intends to file a request to adjust its base rates to support continued infrastructure investments. Now let's turn to our electric operations on Slide 7. On March 24, NIPSCO reached a settlement agreement with the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor, industrial customers, the LaPorte County Board of Commissioners and the Indiana Municipal Utility Group on the company's 7-year electric infrastructure modernization plan. This plan includes more than $1.2 billion of transmission and distribution investments designed to improve system safety and reliability. An IURC order on the settlement is anticipated in the third quarter of 2016. NIPSCO also reached an agreement in its electric base rate case currently pending before the IURC. The February 19 settlement provides a platform for NIPSCO's continued investments in service improvements for customers. The proposed settlement agreement would increase annual revenues by $72.5 million. An IURC order is anticipated early in the third quarter of 2016. NIPSCO's 2 major electric transmission projects remain on schedule with anticipated in-service dates in the second half of 2018. The 100-mile 345-kV and 65-mile 765-kV projects are designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. Right-of-way acquisition, permitting and engineering are well underway on both projects. NIPSCO expects to provide updated project cost estimates prior to the commencement of line construction later this year. Before opening the call to your questions, I'd like to touch on our financial and growth commitments as well as how we're positioning NiSource for continued growth. NiSource remains on track for sustained execution on the more than $30 billion of long-term regulated utility investments the company outlined in 2014. As we've outlined previously, we expect to deliver net operating earnings per share of $1 to $1.10, and to make more than $1.4 billion in planned infrastructure investments in 2016. This 2016 earnings and investment guidance provides the starting point for NiSource's long-term annual earnings per share and dividend growth projections of 4% to 6%, which we first announced a year ago in anticipation of the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group. As we execute on our well-established plans, we're aligning our organization to capitalize on all of our strategic opportunities, including our infrastructure investment plans while, at the same time, looking at enhancements to our plan such as growing our customer base, improving service to our customers and driving enhanced performance through the increased use of common platforms. These emerging elements of our plan are expected to enhance our existing best-in-class, risk-adjusted total return proposition. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress. Now let's open the call to your questions. Skylar?
Thank you, and welcome, everyone. Present on the call today are Daniel Birnbaum, CEO; Danny Erdreich, CFO; and Henner Rinsche, President of Europe. Following the opening remarks we will open the call to questions.Earlier this morning, we filed a 6-K, which includes the press release and financial tables, along with the CFO commentary document and a supplemental slide presentation. As a reminder, our presentation detailing the company's growth plan, which will referenced during today's call, is still available on our IR website.I would like to remind everyone that certain statements will be made during today's conference call, which are forward-looking within the meaning of the securities laws. Due to the uncertainty of these forward-looking statements, our actual results may differ materially from anything projected in these forward-looking statements. As such, we can give no assurances as to their accuracy, and we assume no obligation to update them.Results that we report today should not be considered as an indication for future performance. Changes in economics, business, competitive, technological, regulatory or other factors could cause SodaStream's actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the projections or forward-looking statements made today.In addition, we'll make references to certain adjusted financial measures. The reconciliation of these adjusted measures to the most directly comparable IFRS measures can be found in the company's first quarter earnings release, which is posted on the company's website. For more detailed information about these factors or other risks that may impact our business, please review the paragraph in this morning's press release that begins with the words: This release contains.It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Chief Executive Officer of SodaStream, Daniel Birnbaum.Thank you, Brendon, and welcome to everyone on the call with us today. We're pleased with our start to the new year. Our solid first quarter performance demonstrates that our growth plan, which centers on repositioning the SodaStream brand around sparkling water and building a stronger organization and more efficient infrastructure, has started to take hold. Revenue increased 10% to $101 million, driven by continued growth, primarily in our European markets, while the Americas was flat versus a year ago, which is an improvement compared with recent quarterly trends. In terms of product performance, Sparkling Water Makers increased 11% to $575,000, flavors increased 7% to $5.3 million, and gas refills grew 12% to a first quarter record of $6.8 million. The fact that Sparkling Water Makers and gas refills grew at the fastest pace indicates that consumers are increasingly using our system to make sparkling water, and that our new positioning is gaining traction.Of the 375 million liters of SodaStream beverage consumed during Q1, 86% was non-flavored sparkling water. This represents a 21% year-over-year increase of non-flavored sparkling water consumption. Indeed, SodaStream is successfully evolving into a sparkling water brand and strengthening its leadership position as the world's largest sparkling water brand.Below the revenue line, we've begun to witness the benefits of our restructuring. By taking all of our manufacturing in-house and consolidating the vast majority of our production and logistics activities in our new state-of-the-art facility in southern Israel, we've been able to gain efficiency and reduce costs. To this end, first quarter gross margins improved 270 basis points on a sequential basis to 50.7% on a very similar product mix as the fourth quarter.We continue to focus on gross margin improvement, including the near completion of our new logistics center and various additional cost-reduction initiatives, such as SKU rationalization, global packaging and elimination of painting in our manufacturing process. In addition, gross margin will improve as our utilization levels increase with volume in our new factory. But as a reminder, in our business, the gross margin is driven, above all, by product and geographic mix. Therefore, gross margins will fluctuate by quarter, but we expect they'll remain above 50% for the remainder of the year.At the same time, we held selling and marketing expenses flat year-over-year, while reducing G&A modestly thanks to greater efficiencies from our enhanced operating structure. With revenue growing double digits, this created significant leverage in the business. While we are planning to increase A&P investments in the upcoming quarters, the rest of our expense structure should remain relatively flat on a year-over-year basis.Operating income increased 116% to $7.9 million, representing a 390 basis point improvement in operating margin to 7.9%. As a reminder, last year's operating income also included a $2.4 million restructuring cost, which is excluded from this comparison.During Q1, we generated $4.6 million in free cash flow. With the majority of the investments in our new plant behind us and CapEx planned at roughly half of what it was in 2015, we expect to continue generating positive free cash flow for the remainder of the year.Looking at our performance by region. Western Europe, our largest region, was up 15% to $63 million in revenue for the first quarter. Sales in our established European markets, including Germany, Austria and Switzerland, were up mid-teens on a combined basis, fueled by strong gas refill unit growth. At the same time, we experienced solid improvement in both France and the Nordics, following several quarters of declines.In the Nordics, new leadership, combined with the new brand positioning, supported by effective communications, has proven to be successful, with demand for all SodaStream product categories up across all Nordic countries. Importantly, double-digit growth in Sparkling Water Makers demonstrates that SodaStream is capable of further growing household penetration in this market off an already high base. At the same time, our new line of flavors has been well received by consumers, adding to our optimism for sustained growth in the Nordics going forward.In France, our growth was mainly driven by Sparkling Water Maker sales. As a reminder, France is a distributor market and, therefore, due to the additional time it takes for inventory to move through the distributor system and into the retail channel, sell-in typically proceeds the sellout. Our focus continues to be improving sellout trends in France through an enhanced marketing message and better in-store execution.Shifting to the Americas. Revenue was flat versus a year ago, with strong sales growth in Canada being offset by a modest decline in the U.S. Despite sales being down in the quarter, operating profitability doubled in the U.S. as we continued to hold back A&P expenses, while we fine-tuned our new marketing message around healthy hydration. Machines were up 8%, syrups were down 18%, and gas was up 4%. So overall consumption is growing, up 4%, and we are seeing a clear shift from flavored soda to non-flavored sparkling water.Of the 57 million liters of total SodaStream beverages consumed in the States during Q1, 51 million liters, or 88%, was of non-flavored sparkling water. Compared to last year, the total liters consumed were similar, but only 45 million liters, or 78%, was of non-flavored sparkling water. This represents a 13% year-over-year increase in our sparkling water consumption in the U.S. and is very much in line with consumer trends and our strategy.During the quarter, we announced that John Sheppard was stepping down as President of the U.S. and Doug Pritchard, who spearheaded our recent turnaround in Canada, stepped in to fill this important role. I just returned from a trip to the States last week, and I want to update you on key initiatives that Doug and his team are working on to reaccelerate growth in this key market.First, with respect to improving our presence at retail, we're working closely with our top accounts to improve shelf space and in-store execution, especially during key merchandising periods. Our work recently resulted in a nice win with Target, where we doubled our real estate in 200 of their stores. We expect to show similar progress with other key retail partners in the back half of the year.Consistent with our strategy to focus on health-and-wellness retail, we commenced a regional test for distribution of Sparkling Water Makers and gas refills with Whole Foods at select locations in Connecticut, Maine and the Boston area. While still early, we are pleased with the initial results and are confident this will lead to a broader rollout down the road.Second, we have and continue to make our CO2 exchanges more accessible to the U.S. consumer. As we discussed on our last call, our new Fizz Concierge went live with UPS through a test pilot in the Mid-Atlantic, including parts of Pennsylvania and New Jersey in February, a test which we are currently evaluating. At the same time, we're in the process of actively expanding our gas accessibility to additional vehicles to both home delivery and retail availability at new locations and channels. For example, we expect to have home delivery available in parts of New York City by the end of this quarter. In addition, I'm pleased to announce that we recently opened gas-only distribution at 350 Walmart stores, where we used to sell the full system. We've learned that consumer retention and gas consumption are in direct correlation with gas availability and, therefore, this remains one of our top priorities.So we spoke about retail execution and gas availability but the third and currently most critical front is the marketing front. How to stimulate consumer demand in the U.S. Last Thursday, following successful testing, we rolled out a national TV advertising campaign. This spot called, Love Your Water, offers consumers the benefit of healthy hydration with SodaStream based on the proven fact that consumers with SodaStream at home drink 43% more water every day.In addition to the national media plan, we're doing a media heavy up in select cities where SodaStream is high indexed, such as San Francisco, Seattle, Minneapolis and New York as well as in some low-index markets to see whether we can move the needle in more challenging regions as well. We are excited about Love Your Water, and we'll know in a few weeks whether the consumer is as well.Now to Asia-Pacific. Sales were roughly flat compared to last year, which was an important improvement over recent quarter trends as declines in Australia have moderated, driven by double-digit growth in gas refills. Operating profit in Asia-Pacific was up meaningfully year-over-year, driven by product mix and disciplined expense management. Finally, CEEMEA grew 32% to $6.5 million, driven primarily by sales of Sparkling Water Makers and gas refills to our Czech distributor.To summarize the quarter, we returned to growth, led by gains in several European markets, and started to see the advantages of our improved infrastructure in our operating profitability. There is still work to be done to drive consistent growth across all of our regions, but I'm confident that progress we've made over the past 18 months has created a stronger, more efficient organization that's better positioned to capitalize on the significant market opportunity as consumers rapidly shift from sugared soft drinks to healthier water-based products.We're expanding our efforts to build brand heat, and I'd like to point out 2 exceptional campaigns that had material impact globally and enhanced our foundation as an ethical brand.The first was our island of peace video, featuring a unique employee-based diversity in Israel, which entails Palestinians and Israelis working side-by-side in peace. This video received more than 35 million views and tested extremely positively on brand metrics, such as awareness, recall, purchases and brand love.The second campaign is Heavy Bubbles, which aired on April 1 as a spoof featuring Thor Bjornson, the Icelandic giant also known as Europe's strongest man and The Mountain from Game of Thrones. Thor, incidentally, grew up on SodaStream and loves our brand. The video we created with him demonstrates the absurdity of buying and carrying plastic bottles home from the store through a fictitious brand called Heavy Bubbles. This campaign went viral without a dollar of media investment and have received more than 50 million views and more than 1 billion media impressions globally. The significance of this campaign is that it establishes our no-schlepping benefit in a sexy and lifestyle way, consistent with our brand positioning and strategy. I invite you to view these 2 campaigns along with our U.S. TV ad, Love Your Water, which are all conveniently available on our corporate website. Just go to the media tab and select videos.I'd also like to take this time to welcome 2 new board members that recently joined our Board of Directors. Mr. Avishai Abrahami and Prof. Chezy Ofir. Mr. Abrahami, the CEO and cofounder of Wix.com, a NASDAQ-listed company, is an experienced executive and a technology entrepreneur who has grown Wix from a small start-up in 2006 to the world's leading do-it-yourself web publishing platform company that it is today. Mr. Abrahami, with his vast experience and expertise in digital and social marketing, brings a new and important set of skills to SodaStream.Professor Ofir is Professor of Business Administration at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He received his Masters and PhD from Columbia University as a Fulbright Scholar and taught at leading business schools including NYU and UC Berkeley. His research includes, among others, branding issues, pricing, strategic innovation. Professor Ofir has vast experience in strategy consulting and corporate governance and served as a director of many listed companies, including retailers and packaged goods companies. I'm confident that the addition of Mr. Abrahami and Professor Ofir to our board will contribute to our future success. And I'm happy to welcome them both.Looking ahead, following our first quarter performance, we now expect the full year revenue to be up slightly compared to 2015. Our assumptions for cost and expenses have not changed. We're still forecasting a 200 basis point lift in gross margins in 2016 compared to Q4's run rate of 48% and an increase in A&P as a percentage of revenue of roughly 150 basis points versus 2015.With a slight increase in projected revenue, we now expect operating income, excluding restructuring charges, to be up slightly over 2015 levels. As a reminder, net income will be lower due to the fact that we will not repeat the $6 million financial income gain from currency hedging that we recorded in the third quarter of 2015. Excluding this benefit, we expect net income to be up slightly year-over-year.CapEx for 2016 is still expected to be approximately $25 million compared to $54 million in 2015, with D&A increasing to approximately $20 million from $17 million this past year. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect to generate positive free cash flow in 2016.To close, we're pleased with the improved results we've been able to deliver early in 2016. We're committed to building on our recent accomplishments to deliver consistent growth and improving profitability over the long term. I am confident that we are heading in the right direction.Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
